{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311911291","title":"Strategic Partner Business Development Manager","company":"Acronis","location":"Schaffhausen","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://acronis.wd502.myworkdayjobs.com/acronis_careers/job/France/Strategic-Partner-Business-Development-Manager_R-100125-1?source=LinkedIn","description":"Acronis is a world leader in cyber protection—empowering people by providing them with cutting-edge technology that enables them to monitor, control, and protect the data that their businesses and lives depend on. We are in an exciting phase of rapid-growth and expansion and looking for a Strategic Partner Business Development Manager who is ready to join us in creating a #CyberFit future and protecting the digital world!As the Strategic Partner Business Development Manager, you will drive when establishing, managing and growing Acronis’ presence within existing and new aggregators. This individual will work in close collaboration with the sales managers and leader at each of our aggregators with the specific objective of increasing Acronis’ revenue, customer base and market share within their business. The Strategic Partner Business Development role is ideal for a top seller with strong strategic and tactical sales management skills.It requires a sales lead who can balance short-term sales activities with long-term strategic initiatives. The impact of decisions and actions taken locally may be felt globally due to the scale of Acronis’ largest service provider partners.As the Strategic Partner Business Development Manager, you will drive when establishing, managing and growing Acronis’ presence within existing and new aggregators. This individual will work in close collaboration with the sales managers and leader at each of our aggregators with the specific objective of increasing Acronis’ revenue, customer base and market share within their business. The Strategic SP BDM role is ideal for a top seller with strong strategic and tactical sales management skills.It requires a sales lead who can balance short-term sales activities with long-term strategic initiatives. The impact of decisions and actions taken locally may be felt globally due to the scale of Acronis’ largest service provider partners.What You'll DoWork in binome with the Strategic Partner Account ExecutiveImplement the strategy established by the Strategic Partner Account ExecutiveManage and grow Acronis’ presence within existing aggregators Grow incremental Annual Recurring Revenue/sales through the management of sales initiativesResponsible for training, on-boarding, and enablement of new/prospective service providersExpected to deliver monthly, quarterly and annual partner forecast/pipeline and business activity to the Acronis sales management teamExecute and manage marketing and promotional campaigns and activity through each Service Provider partnerEffectively introduce, educate and train Aggregators and service providers on upgrades, new products and new solutions as well as evangelizing and driving usage of the Acronis Partner Program and Acronis Partner PortalDevelop &amp; manage all business planning aspects to drive tight alignment with managed partnersConduct Quarterly Business Reviews and Quarterly Business Planning Sessions with assigned SP partnersMaintain accurate data about each Aggregators and Service Provider leveraging Customer Relationship Management tools and specifically the Acronis Partner PassportEnable cross functional cooperation between Sales, Marketing, Professional Services, Acronis Academy, and other teams including Acronis executives as necessaryEstablish regular cadence and rhythm of business with all strategic service providersCommunicate across multiple departments (sales, marketing, finance, business development, engineering, virtualization business and operations) to ensure effective account penetration management, and corporate communication.Drive and maintain all relevant certifications – both Sales &amp; Technical – for managed AggregatorsWork with Aggregators and their Service Providers to sell to their existing base of customers to increase adoption of Acronis Cyber Protection servicesWork with Service Providers to help them add new customers by selling the value of Acronis servicesWhat You BringMinimum of 5+ years’ experience recruiting and managing service provider partners. MUST HAVE relevant experience in backup, disaster recovery, security and/or closely related cloud technologies5+ years of total sales/account management experienceMinimum of a Bachelor’s DegreeSelf-starter and independent, high-energy culture we are looking for impact playersHybrid position, need to be very aggressive at establishing relationships with new providersProven history of success achieving annual revenue targets in excess of $1.5M.Strong verifiable software background, infrastructure/systems software or storage software sales experienceSolid strategic business development, planning and acumen, along with strong tactical implementation sales skillsMust have the technical understanding and competency to deliver a sales and product training on the Acronis software solutions, based around product positioning and client technical requirementsExcellent Sales forecasting and modeling skillsMust be able to develop, implement, execute and manage an annual DMR business planProven track record of succeeding in a highly-leveraged channel sales environment, where leadership of the channel drives sales from an inside sales/lead development team Outstanding written and oral communication and presentation skillsDetail oriented, with excellent planning and follow-up skillsWorking knowledge of MS Office and Management of daily activities through CRM applications including Sales ForceDisplays exceptional personal and business ethics and moral characterRegional travel is required in the role. Must be willing to travel on a frequent basis, up to 50% of the timeStrong internal customer focus with desire to learn all aspects of the businessHigh level of discipline, attention to detail, and ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment while still maintaining a high-level of accuracyStrong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skillsOutstanding organizational, problem solving, and multi-tasking skillsTeam-player and positive attitude, eager to do more and help out, views challenging situations as opportunitiesSelf-motivated, proactive, and able to work with minimal supervisionPassion and commitment to succeed by working hard and never giving upWho We AreAcronis is a global cyber protection company that provides natively integrated cybersecurity, data protection, and endpoint management for managed service providers (MSPs), small and medium businesses (SMBs), enterprise IT departments and home users. Our all-in-one solutions are highly efficient and designed to identify, prevent, detect, respond, remediate, and recover from modern cyberthreats with minimal downtime, ensuring data integrity and business continuity. We offer the most comprehensive security solution on the market for MSPs with our unique ability to meet the needs of diverse and distributed IT environments.A Swiss company founded in Singapore in 2003, Acronis offers over twenty years of innovation with 15 offices worldwide and more than 1800 employees in 50+ countries. Acronis Cyber Protect is available in 26 languages in 150 countries and is used by over 20,000 service providers to protect over 750,000 businesses.Our corporate culture is focused on making a positive impact on the lives of each employee and the communities we serve. Mutual trust, respect and belief that we can contribute to the world everyday are the cornerstones of our team. Each member of our “A-Team” plays an instrumental role in driving the success of our innovative and expanding business. We seek individuals who excel in dynamic, global environments and have a never give up attitude, contributing to our collective growth and impact.Acronis is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311061769","title":"UI/UX Design Manager","company":"Soar","location":"Dubai, United Arab Emirates","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://airtable.com/appXwycYfoKAO9vV1/pagr76umscJYRPWkb/form","description":"About the Company:Soar is a global fintech startup that specializes in financing and investment. Currently headquartered in Saudi Arabia, Soar is growing throughout the region with a mission to help people achieve their financial goals with innovative financial and property investment solutions and tools through its multi-purpose platform, designed to offer a simple and seamless user experience.About the Role:We are seeking a visionary UI/UX Manager to lead our design team in crafting seamless, intuitive, and high-performing digital experiences. You will own the end-to-end design process—from research to execution—while fostering a collaborative, high-performance culture. Your leadership will ensure Soar delivers a world-class user experience that aligns with our business goals and delights our users. Beyond design excellence, you will build and mentor a top-tier team, establish measurable performance standards, and provide clear, data-driven insights to stakeholders. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and excel at translating complex workflows into elegant solutions, this role is for you.Responsibilities:Team Leadership &amp; Development:Build and scale a high-performing UI/UX team, fostering collaboration, creativity, and professional growth.Mentor designers, conduct regular performance reviews, and implement skill development programs.Define team KPIs (e.g., design iteration speed, user satisfaction scores, stakeholder feedback) and track progress.Design Strategy &amp; Execution:Own and evolve Soar’s design system, ensuring consistency, scalability, and accessibility across all products.Lead user research, wireframing, prototyping, and testing to validate design decisions.Collaborate closely with Product, Engineering, and Business teams to align UX strategy with company objectives.Performance Measurement &amp; Reporting:Establish UX metrics (e.g., task success rates, usability scores, engagement metrics) to measure design impact.Deliver data-driven reports and presentations to leadership, highlighting wins, challenges, and opportunities.Monitor team productivity and output quality, ensuring deadlines and stakeholder expectations are met.Stakeholder Communication:Present design updates, user insights, and roadmap progress to executives and cross-functional teams.Advocate for UX best practices and educate stakeholders on design thinking principles.Qualifications:5+ years in UI/UX design, with 2+ years leading and scaling design teams.Strong portfolio showcasing design systems, complex workflows, and polished interfaces (web &amp; mobile).Expertise in Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, and prototyping tools.Deep understanding of UX principles, interaction design, and accessibility standards.Proven leadership skills—ability to inspire, mentor, and drive team performance.Exceptional communication &amp; stakeholder management—can articulate design decisions with data.Preferred Skills:Experience in fintech, investment platforms, or property tech.Familiarity with KPIs for design teams (e.g., usability metrics, design debt reduction).Knowledge of user analytics tools (e.g., Hotjar, Amplitude, FullStory)."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314168195","title":"Document Management & Systems Lead","company":"Excelya","location":"Boulogne-Billancourt","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://apply.workable.com/j/AA4DD4F835","description":"About the JobJoin Excelya as a Business Expert: Documentary System Project Manager and take a leading role in the transformation of clinical research documentation processes across our organization. You will spearhead initiatives aimed at enhancing our documentary systems, ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements, and improving operational efficiency.In this strategic position, you will engage with various stakeholders to gather requirements, analyze current processes, and implement innovative solutions that streamline project activities.Main Responsibilities:Are you passionate about digital transformation and regulatory excellence in R&amp;D? We're looking for a Document Management &amp; Systems Lead to manage and optimize the document management platforms, ensuring high standards of compliance and efficiency. You'll act as the bridge between science, quality, and technology, leading key projects that shape the future of documentation in pharmaceutical research.1) Functional administration:•&nbsp;Functional administration of the databases•&nbsp;Follow up of issues and improvements•&nbsp;Management of evolution and releases as Business Expert•&nbsp;Follow-up of the system validation status•&nbsp;Redaction of SOP and training materials•&nbsp;User assistance•&nbsp;Management of training, and maintenance of e-learnings•&nbsp;Service provider coordination&nbsp;2)&nbsp;Improvement of business process: To faster and improve business process by the use of information systems&nbsp;3)&nbsp;Flagship projects (new information systems):• Leading operational and steering committee•&nbsp;Writing URS in collaboration with key users•&nbsp;Review of Functional Specifications•&nbsp;Ensuring contact with IT, Legal, QA staff involved in the project•&nbsp;Ensuring project management follow-upRequirementsAbout YouWe are looking for a proactive and detail-oriented Project Manager with a strong background in documentary systems in clinical research or a related field.Experience: Knowledge of SharePoint and Documentum (or another eDMS) environments.Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Science, or a related discipline.Languages: Fluency in French and English is essentialLocation: Hybrid is preferred. Remote also could be considered.Embrace the opportunity to drive positive change at Excelya, where we believe in audacious growth and impactful solutions!BenefitsWhy Join Us?At Excelya, we combine passion for science with enthusiasm for teamwork to redefine excellence in healthcare.Here's what makes us uniqueWe are a young, ambitious health company representing 900 Excelyates, driven to become Europe's&nbsp;leading mid-size CRO&nbsp;with the&nbsp;best employee experience. Our&nbsp;one-stop provider service model—offering full-service, functional service provider, and consulting—enables you to evolve through diverse projects. Working alongside preeminent experts, you will help improve scientific, operational, and human knowledge to enhance the patient's journey.Excelling with care&nbsp;means benefiting from an environment that values your natural talents, pushes boundaries with audacity, and nurtures your potential, allowing you to contribute fully to our shared mission."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312035988","title":"Sales Manager","company":"Armstrong Fluid Technology","location":"Toronto","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://armstrongfluidtechnology.bamboohr.com/careers/493?source=aWQ9MTE%3D","description":"Title: Sales Manager, Location: Saudi Arabia - Remote with travel requirements Position: Permanent Reports to: Sales Leader, MEAImagine working at the forefront of innovation in fluid-flow technology, with over 1,400 colleagues across the globe, and contributing to a legacy of excellence that spans eight manufacturing facilities on four continents. Armstrong Fluid Technology is more than just a leader in our industry; we are a community of the brightest and most creative minds, driven by a shared mission to engineer the future and safeguard our planet.As part of our team, you'll be immersed in an environment that fosters growth, creativity, and collaboration. Here, you'll have the opportunity to push boundaries, tackle exciting challenges, and develop cutting-edge solutions that promote energy efficiency and reduce environmental impact. Every day offers the chance to make a meaningful contribution to a more sustainable future, driving innovations that help lower global carbon footprints. Together, we’re creating a legacy that goes beyond business—one that’s changing the world for the better.The Sales Manager will be responsible for leading the sales strategy, driving business growth, and managing a sales team within the assigned region in Saudi Arabia. The role demands a deep understanding of the market, strategic planning and strong leadership skills to achieve revenue targets and enhance customer satisfaction.Sales Strategy Development:Develop and implement effective sales strategies to drive market penetration and achieve revenue goals.Analyse market trends, competitor activities, and customer needs to identify new business opportunities.Prepare quotations and proposal by the exclusive use of the Armstrong Bid Tools ADEPT sales portal, CRM, etc.Customer Relationship Management:Build and maintain strong relationships with key customers, partners, and stakeholders.Address customer concerns and ensure high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty.Attend sales meeting, conferences, etc as directed by the Sales DirectorMarket Analysis and CRM Reporting:Conduct regular market research to stay informed about market conditions, customer preferences, and competitor actions.Prepare and present detailed sales reports, forecasts, gap analysis, competitor analysis, sales pipeline and performance analysis to senior management.Use CRM tool to track opportunities, build winning strategies for all contacts within every account and achieve order input targets inline with budgeted requirements.Sales Operations:Oversee the sales process, from lead generation to closing deals, ensuring efficiency and effectiveness.Ensure compliance with company policies, industry regulations, and ethical standards.Manage sales budgets, expenses, and resource allocation.Collaboration and Communication:Collaborate with other departments (e.g., marketing, product development, customer service) to align strategies and optimize results.Communicate regularly with senior management to provide updates on sales performance, challenges, and opportunities.What We’re Looking ForTo thrive in this role, you should bring:Education:Bachelor's degree in Engineering,/Mechanical/Automation Engineering with sales, Marketing, or a related field. A Master's degree is a plus.Experience:Substantial experience in sales management, preferably in the HVAC industryProven track record of achieving and exceeding sales targets.Experience in Pump, Pressurisation Units and Booser Direct Sales to Consulting Engineers and M&amp;E contractors is an advantage.Experience of Sales Network of Consulting Engineers and M&amp;E Contractors in HVAC fieldSkills:Excellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.Strategic thinking and problem-solving abilities.Proficiency in CRM software and MS Office Suite.Value and solution selling skills - mandatoryFluency in English and Arabic is preferred.Knowledge:Deep understanding of the Saudi Arabian market and business landscape.Knowledge of HVAC industry is highly desirable.Personal Attributes:Self-motivated, results-oriented, and capable of working independently.Ability to travel within the region as required.Desire to develop and improve processesWhy Armstrong Fluid Technology?By joining us, you’ll become part of a global community dedicated to pushing the boundaries of fluid-flow technology. You’ll have endless opportunities to learn, grow, and make a significant impact on the world. Together, we'll build tomorrow’s solutions today."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312058051","title":"Sales Manager","company":"Armstrong Fluid Technology","location":"Toronto","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://armstrongfluidtechnology.bamboohr.com/careers/494?source=aWQ9MTE%3D","description":"Title: Sales ManagerLocation: Dubai - Remote with travel requirements Position: Permanent Reports to: Sales Leader, MEAImagine working at the forefront of innovation in fluid-flow technology, with over 1,400 colleagues across the globe, and contributing to a legacy of excellence that spans eight manufacturing facilities on four continents. Armstrong Fluid Technology is more than just a leader in our industry; we are a community of the brightest and most creative minds, driven by a shared mission to engineer the future and safeguard our planet.As part of our team, you'll be immersed in an environment that fosters growth, creativity, and collaboration. Here, you'll have the opportunity to push boundaries, tackle exciting challenges, and develop cutting-edge solutions that promote energy efficiency and reduce environmental impact. Every day offers the chance to make a meaningful contribution to a more sustainable future, driving innovations that help lower global carbon footprints. Together, we’re creating a legacy that goes beyond business—one that’s changing the world for the better.The Sales Manager will be responsible for leading the sales strategy, driving business growth, and managing a sales team within the assigned region in Dubai. The role demands a deep understanding of the market, strategic planning and strong leadership skills to achieve revenue targets and enhance customer satisfaction.Sales Strategy Development:Develop and implement effective sales strategies to drive market penetration and achieve revenue goals.Analyse market trends, competitor activities, and customer needs to identify new business opportunities.Prepare quotations and proposal by the exclusive use of the Armstrong Bid Tools ADEPT sales portal, CRM, etc.Customer Relationship Management:Build and maintain strong relationships with key customers, partners, and stakeholders.Address customer concerns and ensure high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty.Attend sales meeting, conferences, etc as directed by the Sales DirectorMarket Analysis and CRM Reporting:Conduct regular market research to stay informed about market conditions, customer preferences, and competitor actions.Prepare and present detailed sales reports, forecasts, gap analysis, competitor analysis, sales pipeline and performance analysis to senior management.Use CRM tool to track opportunities, build winning strategies for all contacts within every account and achieve order input targets inline with budgeted requirements.Sales Operations:Oversee the sales process, from lead generation to closing deals, ensuring efficiency and effectiveness.Ensure compliance with company policies, industry regulations, and ethical standards.Manage sales budgets, expenses, and resource allocation.Collaboration and Communication:Collaborate with other departments (e.g., marketing, product development, customer service) to align strategies and optimize results.Communicate regularly with senior management to provide updates on sales performance, challenges, and opportunities.What We’re Looking ForTo thrive in this role, you should bring:Education:Bachelor's degree in Engineering,/Mechanical/Automation Engineering with sales, Marketing, or a related field. A Master's degree is a plus.Experience:Substantial experience in sales management, preferably in the HVAC industryProven track record of achieving and exceeding sales targets.Experience in Pump, Pressurisation Units and Booser Direct Sales to Consulting Engineers and M&amp;E contractors is an advantage.Experience of Sales Network of Consulting Engineers and M&amp;E Contractors in HVAC fieldSkills:Excellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.Strategic thinking and problem-solving abilities.Proficiency in CRM software and MS Office Suite.Value and solution selling skills - mandatoryFluency in English and Arabic is preferred.Knowledge:Deep understanding of the Saudi Arabian market and business landscape.Knowledge of HVAC industry is highly desirable.Personal Attributes:Self-motivated, results-oriented, and capable of working independently.Ability to travel within the region as required.Desire to develop and improve processesWhy Armstrong Fluid Technology?By joining us, you’ll become part of a global community dedicated to pushing the boundaries of fluid-flow technology. You’ll have endless opportunities to learn, grow, and make a significant impact on the world. Together, we'll build tomorrow’s solutions today."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314422370","title":"Customer Success Director - EU","company":"Kore.ai","location":"Orlando","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://ats.rippling.com/koreai-india-careers/jobs/10a278bf-f5f3-4c11-b20e-07f7bd3b265b?jobSite=LinkedIn&src=LinkedIn","description":"Kore.ai is a leading provider of advanced AI with a decade of experience in helping enterprises realize business value through the safe and responsible use of AI. The company provides the singular platform, no-code tools and solutions needed to build GenAI applications, deploy RAG/LLM-based search and optimize customer and employee experiences from automated to human assisted. Kore.ai takes an agnostic approach to model, data, cloud and applications used, giving customers freedom of choice. Kore.ai’s no-code development approach and pre-built accelerators help make AI more accessible for a wider audience.Trusted by over 200 partners and 400 Fortune 2000 companies, Kore.ai helps them navigate their AI strategy. The company has a strong patent portfolio in the AI space and has been recognized as a leader and an innovator by top analysts. Headquartered in Orlando, Kore.ai has a network of offices to support customers including in India, the UK, Middle East, Japan, South Korea, and Europe. At Kore.ai, you will enjoy success, develop your professional skills, and allow your career to thrive within a fast-growing business that is expanding its global team.Role/Title: Customer Success Director EUCustomer Success Director is an individual contributing professional who drives our customers’ overall value realization and orchestrates its delivery through an efficient team, products, and project management approach. Value realization includes the definition and execution of customer success plans, the achievement of their business goals, and the adoption of Kore.ai software to drive ROI.Customer Success Director will develop long-term relationships with our key customer stakeholders in the region, connecting with key business executives, IT stakeholders, product managers, and users to understand their business requirements and goals, use cases, and how Kore.ai products can help in their business. Internally, this role will work closely with the Sales, Partnership, and Product Team to ensure the growth of the customer portfolio and customer satisfaction while ensuring that the team effort is fully executed. Director, Customer Success must be an active and passionate project, people, and customer manager.ResponsibilitiesLead discussions with the customers to understand their business objectives, use cases, value generation as well as company culture to support the software adoptionOwn the end-to-end customer success, relationship, and software adoption – from the client onboarding, through the entire business cycleDevelop and document customer success planLead discussions with program managers and technical teams to track, monitor, and take action on the migration health of customers.Orchestrate internal team of solution architects, business analysts, professional services, and partners to deliver customer success plan and commercial successDrive the value-based upsell and cross-sell activities across the customer baseMaintain relationships with key customer’s stakeholders at various levels (CX, IT, EX, HR other functions)Monitor and ensure timely software renewalsManage customers at risk (red accounts) with a structured, and methodical approachMust Have SkillsMinimum 7 years’ experience in senior level customer-facing roles managing software sales and/or software implementation projects with conversational AI platforms requiredMinimum 7 years’ experience in advisory, solution architecture, systems integration, digital transformation projects management, or customer success roles with enterprise software companies requiredMinimum 2+ years’ experience working with offshore team in APAC requiredPrevious experience working with customer success methodologies and practices like segmentation, customer journey, customer health scoring, etc requiredStrong interpersonal skills, able to navigate complex organizational structures and relationships, comfortable engaging with C-level sponsorsProblem-solving oriented &amp; able to work independentlyEnjoy challenges and ambitious goals within a fast-growing global AI tech companyExcellent communication (both written and verbal) skills. Experience communicating with both technical and non-technical stakeholders and with senior levelsComplex opportunity and/or project coordination skills with the ability to negotiate and communicate across all levels of an organizationCandidates must currently reside in EuropeCandidates must be fluent in both English (conversational) and any additional European languagesEducation QualificationBS/BA in related discipline is requiredPlease note – no external placement agencies or recruiting firms will be utilized for this position."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4282285510","title":"Principal CPE Engineer (GCP)","company":"Mozn","location":"Al Muhammadiyah","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://ats.rippling.com/mozn-ai/jobs/abb479df-3097-426b-9018-dde656acac92?jobSite=LinkedIn","description":"About MoznMozn is a rapidly growing technology firm revolutionising the field of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science headquartered in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and it’s working to realise Vision 2030 with a proven track record of excellence in supporting and growing the tech ecosystem in Saudi Arabia and the GCC region. Mozn is the trusted AI technology partner for some of the largest government organizations, as well as many large corporations and startups.We are in an exciting stage of scaling the company to provide AI-powered products and solutions both locally and globally that ensure the growth and prosperity of our digital humanity. It is an exciting time to work in the field of AI to create a long-lasting impact.About The RoleWe are looking for an experienced and hands-on Principal GCP Engineer to design, build, and secure Google Cloud Platform environments across multiple business lines. In this role, you will lead initiatives to implement Just-In-Time (JIT) access, enforce strong Identity and Access Management (IAM) controls, ensure separation of duties between authentication and authorization, deliver advanced network and network security architectures including secure connectivity to on-premises environments, implement Web Application Firewall (WAF) solutions, and manage secure migrations of workloads into GCP. Over time, you will expand your expertise to support other cloud platforms and containerized services such as Kubernetes to enable secure multi-cloud and modern application delivery. Your work will ensure that our cloud environments remain secure, compliant, and scalable, supporting critical services while enabling innovation.What You'll DoGCP Architecture, Networking &amp; EngineeringDesign, implement, and manage secure, scalable GCP environments for multiple business lines with compliance and security boundaries. Architect network segmentation, private connectivity, hybrid connectivity to on-premises (e.g., Cloud Interconnect, VPN), and service perimeters to enforce least privilege and data protection. Implement advanced network security controls, including firewall rules, DDoS protection, intrusion detection/prevention, secure routing, and WAF policy enforcement. Identity &amp; Access Management (IAM), JIT Access &amp; Separation of DutiesBuild and maintain robust IAM strategies, including fine-grained roles, service accounts, and workload identities. Implement and manage Just-In-Time (JIT) access models using GCP-native tools (e.g., Access Context Manager, IAM Conditions) or third-party solutions. Enforce clear separation of authentication (identity verification) and authorization (permissions and entitlements) to minimize insider and systemic risk. Secure MigrationsLead migration of workloads from on-premises or other clouds to GCP, ensuring encryption, identity mapping, and compliance validation. Conduct pre- and post-migration reviews to ensure security and operational readiness. Multi-Business Line EnablementDesign GCP organization resource hierarchies, access controls, and network architectures to support isolated workloads for different business units. Implement organization policies to enforce consistent security baselines across all projects and folders. Automation &amp; Infrastructure as CodeDevelop and maintain Terraform modules or Deployment Manager templates for repeatable, secure deployments. Automate compliance checks, security guardrails, and access provisioning. Security &amp; MonitoringIntegrate GCP-native security services (Security Command Center, Cloud Armor, IAM Recommender) into operational workflows. Implement and manage WAF solutions to protect applications from common and emerging web threats. Collaborate with MSSP or internal SOC teams to ensure log coverage, detection capabilities, and incident readiness. Collaboration &amp; MentorshipPartner with engineering and application teams to enable secure-by-design cloud adoption. Mentor cloud engineers on GCP security, IAM, networking, migration best practices, WAF management, and future multi-cloud and Kubernetes adoption. QualificationsEducationBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field (or equivalent experience). Experience10+ years in cloud engineering, with at least 5+ years of hands-on GCP architecture and implementation. Proven expertise in GCP IAM, including custom roles, service accounts, and policy troubleshooting. Experience implementing JIT access workflows for production and sensitive systems. Experience designing and enforcing separation of authentication and authorization in cloud access control. Demonstrated ability to design and implement advanced networking and network security solutions, including hybrid connectivity to on-premises. Hands-on expertise in implementing and managing WAF solutions. Demonstrated ability to manage secure environments for multiple business lines in a single GCP organization. Hands-on experience with secure workload migrations to GCP. Willingness and capability to expand into multi-cloud and Kubernetes environments. Technical Skills:Expert-level knowledge of GCP networking (VPC, Shared VPC, Cloud Interconnect, VPN, firewall rules, private service connect, service perimeters). Expertise in WAF policy creation, tuning, and integration with GCP and hybrid application stacks. Proficiency with Terraform and automation scripting (Python, Bash, Go). Familiarity with GCP security tools (Security Command Center, Cloud Armor, IAM Recommender). Understanding of compliance frameworks (PCI-DSS, ISO 27001, SOC 2, NIST) in financial or regulated industries. Knowledge of Kubernetes security concepts and containerized workload protection. Soft Skills:Strong communication, stakeholder management, and problem-solving abilities. Preferred Qualifications:GCP Professional Cloud Architect or Professional Cloud Security Engineer certification. Experience with BeyondCorp Enterprise or Access Context Manager for Zero Trust architectures. Exposure to MSSP oversight, including detection capability testing and SLA verification. Experience integrating GCP identity with Keycloak, Azure AD, or Okta. Knowledge of hybrid and multi-cloud security architectures. Experience in securing Kubernetes workloads and service meshes. BenefitsYou will be at the forefront of an exciting time for the Middle East, joining a high-growth rocket-ship in an exciting space.You will be given a lot of responsibility and trust. We believe that the best results come when the people responsible for a function are given the freedom to do what they think is best.The fundamentals will be taken care of: competitive compensation, top-tier health insurance, and an enabling culture so that you can focus on what you do bestYou will enjoy a fun and dynamic workplace working alongside some of the greatest minds in AI.We believe strength lies in difference, embracing all for who they are and empowered to be the best version of themselves."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4293407206","title":"Regional Sales Director (Middle East)","company":"Netwrix Corporation","location":"Frisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://ats.rippling.com/netwrix-corporation/jobs/f866d969-76c6-43ca-b043-58d5376883e7?jobSite=LinkedIn&src=LinkedIn","description":"About UsAt Netwrix, our mission is to revolutionize data security by placing identity at the core - providing unparalleled visibility and control. Engineered and supported by over 900 highly talented, motivated employees and hundreds of trusted partners in nearly every geography, Netwrix solutions are relied upon daily by security professionals across more than 13,500 organizations in over 100 countries around the world.Over the past two decades, Netwrix has expanded its market presence through innovation, organic growth, and strategic acquisitions, and are proud to be backed by renowned private equity firms, TA Associates and Centerbridge Partners. Netwrix maintains a global presence, fostering a remote-first work environment while encouraging and facilitating frequent face-to-face interaction with colleagues, customers, and partners.Position OverviewWe are seeking a high-performing, results-driven Regional Sales Director to lead and grow Netwrix’s footprint across the Middle East region. This strategic leadership role will be responsible for driving direct and channel sales growth, building key customer and partner relationships, and managing a high-performing regional sales team.Key ResponsibilitiesSales Leadership &amp; StrategyDevelop and execute the regional sales strategy aligned with global revenue goals. Lead and manage a team of regional sales managers, account executives, and pre-sales engineers. Forecast, track, and report sales performance metrics and regional KPIs. Expand Netwrix’s customer base through strategic planning and effective pipeline management. Business Development &amp; Customer EngagementDrive new business development in enterprise and public-sector accounts across the MEA region. Foster and maintain strong relationships with key customers, influencers, and C-level stakeholders. Serve as a senior-level spokesperson and representative for Netwrix at regional events, conferences, and industry engagements. Channel &amp; Partner EcosystemExpand and optimize the partner network, including distributors, VARs, and system integrators. Work closely with the Channel Director to define and implement effective partner programs. Ensure partners are well-supported in delivering value-added Netwrix solutions to end customers. Cross-Functional CollaborationCollaborate with marketing, product management, support, and customer success teams to ensure alignment on regional goals. Provide market feedback and customer insights to guide product roadmap and strategic direction. QualificationsMinimum 8–10 years of progressive sales leadership experience the Middle East region focused on cybersecurity, IT infrastructure, or enterprise software. Proven track record leading regional sales teams and exceeding multi-million-dollar quotas. Strong understanding of the MEA enterprise IT landscape and regulatory environment. Excellent communication, negotiation, and presentation skills . Experience in managing channel partners and go-to-market execution through hybrid models. Ability to travel across the MEA region as required. Strong language skills in Arabic and EnglishPreferred QualificationsBachelor’s degree in Business, IT, or a related field (MBA is a plus). Previous experience working in a high-growth, B2B SaaS or security software company. Familiarity with frameworks such as Zero Trust, NIST, GDPR, and ISO 27001. Our ValuesAt Netwrix, Our Values Guide Every ActionNext-Level Customer Focus -Customers first, always. We listen, protect, and go the extra mile— because their success is our mission.Excellence - We set high standards and take pride in delivering exceptional results. We celebrate wins, seek constant improvement, and address shortcomings professionally.Transparent Ownership - We celebrate our successes, own up to our mistakes, communicate openly, and face challenges head-on with a genuine commitment to doing the right thing.Winning with Clear Thinking - We value clarity, find straightforward solutions to complex problems, and make swift, effective decisions.Relentless Innovation - We continually seek better ways to serve our customers and stay ahead. We foster creative thinking, and we embrace new approaches. Industry-Leading Expertise - We take pride in our expertise and continuously seek to learn and share knowledge, striving to be the trusted experts our customers rely on.eXceptional Together - We believe in the power of collaboration and diverse perspectives. By valuing each other’s strengths, we achieve outcomes that surpass individual contributions.Join us in a culture where integrity, respect, and hard work are foundational. Be part of a team dedicated to making a lasting impact.Why You’ll Love Working at NetwrixCompetitive Health BenefitsContinuous Learning and Development OpportunitiesTeam-Oriented, Collaborative, and Innovative Work EnvironmentRegular Company Town Halls to Keep You InformedOpportunities for Career Growth and AdvancementWe pride ourselves on a culture that truly values employee input across various backgrounds and experiences. We look forward to welcoming new talent who can help us further our mission.Netwrix Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries are Equal Opportunity Employers (EEO) and welcome all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law.Please let us know if you require any accommodation."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4146194554","title":"Professional Services Engineer","company":"DDN","location":"Chatsworth","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers-ddn.icims.com/jobs/4913/professional-services-engineer/job?mode=apply&iis=LinkedIn&iisn=LinkedIn","description":"We are currently seeking aProfessional Services Engineer / Storage Field Engineer.This is an incredible opportunity to be part of a company that has been at the forefront of AI and high-performance data storage innovation for over two decades. DataDirect Networks (DDN) is a global market leader renowned for powering many of the world's most demanding AI data centers, in industries ranging from life sciences and healthcare to financial services, autonomous cars, Government, academia, research and manufacturing. \"DDN's A3I solutions are transforming the landscape of AI infrastructure.\" – IDC  “The real differentiator is DDN. I never hesitate to recommend DDN. DDN is the de facto name for AI Storage in high performance environments” - Marc Hamilton, VP, Solutions Architecture &amp; Engineering | NVIDIA DDN is the global leader in AI and multi-cloud data management at scale. Our cutting-edge data intelligence platform is designed to accelerate AI workloads, enabling organizations to extract maximum value from their data. With a proven track record of performance, reliability, and scalability, DDN empowers businesses to tackle the most challenging AI and data-intensive workloads with confidence.Our success is driven by our unwavering commitment to innovation, customer-centricity, and a team of passionate professionals who bring their expertise and dedication to every project. This is a chance to make a significant impact at a company that is shaping the future of AI and data management.Our commitment to innovation, customer success, and market leadership makes this an exciting and rewarding role for a driven professional looking to make a lasting impact in the world of AI and data storage.Job Description Job Summary: This field role requires you to be responsible for implementing Storage Solution on site for your Customers and one site / remote support to customers in the Region. You will be partnering with the Global Technical Support team and the Region Subject Matter Experts to help resolve technical problems.Job Responsibilities Install, optimize DDN’s High-Performance Storage “EXAScaler” solutions (powered by Lustre File System) for Prospects and Customers in the region.  Train Partner and End-User on the EXAScaler Solution that has been deployed.  Benchmark the said EXAScaler Storage Solution with industry-standard HPC I/O tools such as FIO, IOR, IOZONE, MDT and across the Cluster of HPC / Ai CPU-GPU Compute Nodes.  Troubleshoot, when necessary, I/O errors at the file level and at the block level.  The applicant will be interacting with several DDN Departments like Presales, Global Education, L1/L2 Support and Storage / Parallel File System Subject Matter Experts based in the Field.  The applicant will also engage End-User and when necessary, Partners and Industry Representatives (such as Servers Manufacturers, GPU Vendors, etc.).  Applicants will receive technical training from DDN Storage experts.  Provide post-implementation support for customers to solve technical issues on storage hardware and software products.  Develop innovative, customized solutions to meet customers’ business needs.  Clearly communicate complex technical topics to the varied knowledge levels of external customers.  Manage customer relationship post-sale to ensure the highest caliber customer satisfaction.  Develop positive and trustworthy relationships with customers.  Collaborate with sales and engineering teams for problem resolution.  Share best practices with Technical Support Center staff and learn about new technologies and storage applications.  Create new knowledge base articles to share information with Subject Matter Experts from other Regions and also with the Global Technical Support Center.  Review open tickets for the customers in the Region for the fastest resolution and ensure customers get regular updates regarding case status.  Demonstrate a thorough technical and business understanding of clients’ needs, including how those pertain to DDN products and services.  Escalate cases to other more senior Technical Support Engineers when problem is too complex or falls out of area of expertise. Qualifications For This Role Are BS degree in a technical discipline such as EE, CS, mathematics, Sciences or equivalent industry experience.  Superior communication skills, including: ability to connect with customers via phone, face to face, and in written correspondences.  Exceptional customer service skills.  Gain knowledge and expertise through hands-on experience, self-study, and through a variety of training and learning environments.  Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities, ensuring all objectives are accomplished.  Good understanding of the technical fundamentals of the system infrastructure including open system platforms (especially Linux) and networking.  Excellent troubleshooting skills.  Very good command of Linux OS (RHEL Certification is required).  Experience with any of the following is much appreciated: Python, Pearl, Shell.  Experience with Storage Devices, block and/or File.  Knowledge of programming languages like Rust or C will be appreciated as well.  Experience with Lustre or another Parallel File System is highly appreciated.  Good Command of: Windows OS, SCSI, NFS, SMB, S3, Visio, Omnigraffle.  DDN DDN has a very strong orientation towards these 4 characteristics and any successful employee will demonstrate these capabilities: Self-Starter -  Takes independent action to identify and solve problems. Seeks out relevant information needed to make decisions. Gets involved with new initiatives. Success/Achievement Orientation -  Delivers quality results consistently. Targets, achieves (or exceeds) measurable results. Sets challenging goals, focuses on critical priorities, and is accountable. Problem Solving -  Recognizes problems and responds with a systematic assessment that identifies and addresses cause of issue. Practical, realistic, and resourceful. Innovative -  Builds and improves key business processes that enhance the effectiveness of DDN. Generates new ideas, challenges the status quo, and solves problems creatively.DataDirect Networks, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender, sex stereotyping, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314532902","title":"IT Manager","company":"Accor","location":"Issy-les-Moulineaux","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.accor.com/global/en/job/it-manager-in-moevenpick-hotel-waad-al-shamal-turaif-saudi-arabi-jid-72094","description":"Company DescriptionJoin a hotel that is a member of the Accor network, whose group brings together more than 45 brands, 5,500 hotels, 10,000 restaurants and lifestyle destinations. Here, we believe in you and what you bring to the table. There are many opportunities for development and advancement. Every gesture, every smile, every action, contributes to creating a positive and memorable impact for our customers, our colleagues and also for our planet. Together, we embody the vision of responsible hospitality.Take the opportunity to become a Heartist®, and let your heart guide you in this world where life beats faster.Job DescriptionWe are seeking a highly skilled and innovative IT Manager to join our team. As a key member of our organization, you will report to the General Manager and assist in overseeing all aspects of our IT operations, ensuring seamless technology integration, and driving digital transformation initiatives.Develop and implement IT strategies aligned with organizational goalsManage and optimize IT infrastructure, including networks, servers, and cloud-based systemsFostering a collaborative and innovative work environmentEnsure the security and integrity of company data through robust cybersecurity measuresOversee IT project management, from planning to execution and evaluationCollaborate with department heads to identify and implement technology solutions that enhance efficiency and productivityManage vendor relationships and negotiate contracts for IT services and equipmentDevelop and maintain IT policies, procedures, and best practicesMonitor and control IT budgets and expensesStay updated on emerging technologies and industry trends to drive innovation within the organizationProvide technical support and problem-solving for critical issuesEnsure compliance with relevant ACCOR IT regulations and standardsQualificationsBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related fieldMinimum 3 years or similar experience in IT management rolesProven track record in managing IT infrastructure and implementing innovative technology solutionsStrong knowledge of cybersecurity best practices and risk managementExperience with hotel systems, i.e. Oracle Cloud Opera PMS, Symphony, GRMS, PABX, IPTV, IP-Telephony, Microsoft Azure, Hyper-V.Excellent project management skills with the ability to lead multiple initiatives simultaneouslyStrong understanding of IT governance frameworks and compliance requirementsDemonstrated leadership abilities with experience managing and mentoring IT teamsExceptional problem-solving and analytical skillsOutstanding communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholdersProficiency in English; knowledge of Arabic or other language is a plusAbility to work efficiently in a fast-paced, dynamic environment while maintaining attention to detailExperience with budgeting and resource allocation in IT departmentsFamiliarity with ITIL frameworks, CCNA, CompTIA Network + and IT service management principlesAdaptability to new technologies and a commitment to continuous learningAdditional InformationRemote Location - Turaif, Saudi Arabia"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4302147149","title":"AI Engagement Manager","company":"Adobe","location":"San Jose","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.adobe.com/us/en/job/ADOBUSR160051EXTERNALENUS/AI-Engagement-Manager?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=phenom-feeds&source=LinkedIn","description":"Our CompanyChanging the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!The OpportunityCollaborate with global brands and agencies to revolutionize creative workflows with AI-powered content services.Our approach emphasizes AI-first experimentation and extensive expertise in first-party and third-party AI models to develop new applications, platforms, and scalable patterns that optimize the GenAI-powered Content Supply Chain. We act as a continuous product innovation engine by incorporating customer solutions into the product roadmap for accelerated product-led growth.As an AI Engagement Manager, you excel at guiding customer interactions, detailing business scenarios, aligning them with Adobe solutions, and accelerating value delivery.What You'll Do:Customer Leadership:Lead large-scale creative and marketing operations transformations by harnessing Adobe's Generative AI solutions to drive organizational evolution. Develop strong partnerships with essential customer partners through showcasing profound knowledge in innovative Al solutions and digital tactics tailored to the customer's business and goals. Proactively handle customer issues and challenges, developing mitigation strategies before they impact project success or customer happinessBuild trust, confidence, and advocacy for the project/program teamBuild executive communication cadences that showcase progress and value, and maintain enthusiasm for GenAI transformation efforts within a governance frameworkProduct Leadership:Formulate inclusive GenAI and digital transformation strategies utilizing Adobe's generative Al technologies/first-party models and third-party models to address intricate business obstacles for enterprise customersCollaborate with customer executives to define use cases, build requirements and specifications for Forward Deployed Engineers and Architects, lead solution configuration and deployment, drive adoption, and ensure business value realizationLead workshops and sessions to help customers identify impactful opportunities for implementing generative AIBuild scalable frameworks that integrate generative AI capabilities into customers’ existing technology ecosystems and workflowsDevelop proof-of-concept implementations showcasing the transformative potential of both first-party and third-party AI offeringsValue Realization and Adoption:Partner with C-suite executives to articulate vision, establish success metrics, and secure ongoing dedication for transformation initiativesMonitor implementation progress against business goals, adjusting strategies to overcome adoption barriers and improve value realizationDrive solution adoption through enablement sessions and demonstrations. Partner with Customer Success Managers and Enablement resources for comprehensive plansWhat You Bring4-10+ years of background in business consulting, digital strategy, agile pod-based software development lifecycle, enterprise software, AI/ML, cloud deployments, and data integrationCustomer-Centricity: Always prioritizing the customer and their needs and expectations first in everything you do. You are exceptional at crafting a culture of customer-centricity among your team and your extended ecosystem. Proven track record of leading successful digital transformation initiatives for enterprise clients in multiple industriesHave a product &amp; human-centric approach – be the intersection among business, strategy, compose, and technologyPassion for AI and understanding of Adobe Creative Cloud, Express, Firefly, Firefly Services solutions, and GenStudio for Performance Marketing for the creation of contentKnowledge of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions preferredPrior experience as Director of Creative Studio, Operations or Agency is a plusExperience leading projects in Agile Scrum and commanding knowledge of various project and process applications (i.e., SharePoint, Jira, Workfront, Miro, Confluence, AI tools)Ability to be adaptable and flexible as a product offering and GTM evolvesOutstanding communication skills with the ability to translate technical concepts into business outcomes for executive audiencesStrong analytical thinking with experience in quantifying business impact of technology investmentsProven skill in maneuvering through complex organizational dynamics and building consensus among diverse customersUp to 30% customer related travelAdobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536-3015."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4309946913","title":"Customer Value Director","company":"Adobe","location":"San Jose","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.adobe.com/us/en/job/ADOBUSR161217EXTERNALENUS/Customer-Value-Director?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=phenom-feeds&source=LinkedIn","description":"Our CompanyChanging the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!The ChallengeWe are seeking a Director of Customer Value, who is the strategic partner to senior leadership within Adobe’s most critical customers, focused on delivering measurable business value from Adobe investments.The role is uniquely positioned at the intersection of sales, success, and delivery, taking a long-term, outcome-led view of the customer’s transformation journey, with clear accountability for tracking, demonstrating, and communicating business value realisation.The Strategic Customer Director leads internal cross-functional teams and partners to orchestrate execution against the customer’s strategic goals—driving alignment, tracking progress, and articulating value realization, with a focus on business outcomes over project oversight.What you will do:Strategic alignment: Partner with customer leadership to co-define business goals, strategic priorities, and Adobe’s role in supporting them. Translate customer objectives into value-focused roadmaps and measurable outcomes aligned to Adobe capabilities. Ensure internal teams are aligned to a shared strategic direction that guides execution and engagement.Outcome orchestration: Coordinate Adobe and partner teams to sequence delivery and capability deployment around customer value milestones. Act as the central orchestrator of execution—focused on outcome delivery, not project or task ownership. Identify and remove roadblocks to progress, ensuring a steady march toward defined value outcomes.Value governance: Define, track, and evolve KPIs aligned to customer objectives and value realization. Establish a governance rhythm with customer and Adobe stakeholders to review progress and recalibrate where needed. Lead the articulation of success through reporting and storytelling to showcase impact over time.Executive Partnership: Build and maintain trusted, strategic relationships with customer executives and senior stakeholders. Serve as the executive voice of Adobe, aligning communications to both business and technical leadership audiences. Elevate Adobe’s position as a long-term transformation partner, driving shared vision and sustained engagement.Market Development: Build strategic relationships, drive early-stage growth in market. Represent Adobe through thought leadership, networking, targeted engagement. Represent the voice of customer internally to align teams, escalate blockers, and influence roadmap discussion. Drive cross-functional engagement across Sales, Professional Services, Product, Support through insights, risks, and opportunity spottingWhat you’ll need to succeedExtensive relevant experience in digital transformation, value consulting, value engineering and/or a background in complex technology delivery/transformation programmes. Capability to exert influence on both customer stakeholders and internal Adobe counterparts, navigating challenging conversations that may emerge during the customer journey Strong executive presence and presentation skills, comfortable collaborating with and presenting to C-suite executives (CIO, CMO, CFO, board-level) An ability to understand and communicate the path to business value through technology transformation. Working knowledge of how Marketing, Engineering and Product teams’ function, particularly in the areas of Data Engineering, Personalization and Customer Insights Capability to produce and deliver communication materials including Executive briefings, vision documents, strategic account plans, use cases, value metrics, quarterly business review documents, project management documentation, reports, value stories and customer case studies Demonstrated collaboration and orchestration skills, especially in working with Sales, Customer Engineering &amp; Customer Success, and other key partners Self-starter, comfortable initiating and leading programs within a fast-paced environment Results-oriented, strategic thinker who demonstrates an ability to create the future through effective customer engagement A passion for technology and digital marketing strategy Fluency in both English and French is mandatory. At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized around the world. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We hire talented individuals, regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We know that when our employees feel appreciated and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. This is what it means to be Adobe For All. Learn more about our vision here.We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours.Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536-3015."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4281109802","title":"Lead Solutions Architect for Unicon – eLux & Scout","company":"Citrix","location":"Fort Lauderdale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.cloud.com/jobs/lead-solutions-architect-for-unicon-elux-scout-remote-united-kingdom-belgium-copenhagen-denmark-france-ireland-netherlands?source=LinkedInJobsPage&utm_source=LinkedInJobsPage","description":"About This Team:With the acquisition of Unicon, Citrix will provide customers with a secure client OS and endpoint management that dramatically improves endpoint security, resiliency and operational costs, while providing a seamless end-to-end experience for access to corporate applications and desktops. In addition, enterprise customers can leverage eLux to extend the life of their current assets as they look to the upcoming Windows 10 end of support.Job DescriptionWe are seeking a Lead Solutions Architect for eLux &amp; Scout to join our mission of creating the modern and secure workplace, where efficiency, security, and innovation converge. This role focuses on shaping the future of work by leveraging the comprehensive capabilities of the Citrix platform, including virtual apps and desktops, Zero Trust access, and high-performance secure application delivery.As part of our team, you will drive the integration and optimization of Unicon’s eLux and Scout as core components of the Citrix platform. eLux, a highly secure and lightweight Linux-based operating system, is designed to enhance endpoint security and efficiency, while Scout provides centralized endpoint management for seamless configuration, monitoring, and updates. Your work will ensure enterprises can securely deploy and manage digital workspaces at scale, enabling flexible, high-performance access across diverse devices.By delivering, monitoring, and managing secure application access through Citrix’s solutions—including eLux and Scout—you will play a key role in optimizing enterprise IT environments, enhancing security, and driving innovation in modern workplace infrastructure for customers in multiple industries, including Public Services and Healthcare.Key ResponsibilitiesPersonal Leadership Deploy and Configure Architectures: Design and implement scalable, secure, and innovative endpoint management architectures leveraging Unicon's eLux, a lightweight, Linux-based operating system, and Scout, a robust endpoint management solution, to ensure secure, efficient, and centrally managed digital workspaces. Lead Feature Development: Drive the development of key features, optimizations, and integrations that enhance endpoint security, centralized management, and performance, ensuring seamless integration of eLux and Scout within Citrix’s platform. Champion Process Improvements: Advocate for strategies that drive IT process efficiencies in endpoint security, remote device management, and operating system standardization, leveraging the capabilities of eLux and Scout as part of the broader Citrix platform with VDI/DaaS and Web Apps, reinforcing the vision of a secure and scalable digital workspace. Develop Proof of Concepts with Customers: Work closely with customers to develop and validate proof of concepts (PoCs) that demonstrate the effectiveness of eLux and Scout in real-world endpoint security, cloud management, and digital workspace scenarios.Cross-team Collaboration Contribute to Technical Roadmap: Participate in advancing the technical product roadmap of Unicon's eLux and Scout. Provide Technical Leadership: Foster a positive culture of collaboration and learning, guiding teams in the effective deployment and use of eLux and Scout within Citrix’s secure digital workspace ecosystem. Collaborate Across Functions: Work with Product Managers, Sales, and other cross-functional teams to prioritize and deliver impactful endpoint management solutions that emphasize security, efficiency, and innovation, utilizing Unicon's offerings.Customer Success Advocate Best Practices: Leverage experience and customer interactions to promote best practices in endpoint security, IT automation, and cloud-based device management as part of the Citrix platform with VDI/DaaS and Web Apps, supporting the goals of a secure and efficient IT infrastructure with eLux and Scout. Engage with Stakeholders: Understand customer and partner needs to ensure our solutions align with the vision of a modern and secure digital workspace, effectively integrating eLux and Scout. Foster Platform Adoption: Collaborate with customers to ensure successful deployment, configuration, and lifecycle management of eLux-based devices, providing technical support and guidance to drive customer success and satisfaction.QualificationsKnowledge of thin-client computing and secure digital workspace environments, with expertise in deploying and managing eLux and Scout or similar solutionsAt least 5 years of experience in IT architecture, endpoint management, or systems engineering, with expertise in secure device lifecycle management and cloud-based workspace environments.Strong understanding of endpoint security, operating system management, and cloud-based device automation, with experience in Citrix DaaS, virtualization technologies, and remote access solutions.Knowledge of cloud platforms and virtualization technologies, with familiarity in integrating Citrix DaaS products into enterprise environments.Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with experience in customer or partner-facing roles.Preferred QualificationsKnowledge of IT security best practices, including Zero Trust, data encryption, and endpoint compliance management.Experience leading endpoint security and management initiatives, including PoCs and setting IT strategy.Why Join Us?Be at the forefront of innovation, working on a cutting-edge endpoint management platform that redefines secure digital workspace solutions by leveraging Unicon’s eLux and Scout as part of Citrix platform.Shape the future of enterprise IT security, device lifecycle management, and cloud-based digital workspaces, with a focus on efficiency and security.Join a collaborative team that values growth, creativity, and technical excellence, and supports professional development and career progression.Join us in revolutionizing enterprise endpoint management by harnessing the power of Unicon's eLux and Scout to create secure, efficient, and scalable digital workspace solutions within Citrix's secure cloud ecosystem.About Us:Cloud Software Group is one of the world’s largest cloud solution providers, serving more than 100 million users around the globe. When you join Cloud Software Group, you are making a difference for real people, each of whom count on our suite of cloud-based products to get work done — from anywhere. Members of our team will tell you that we value passion for technology and the courage to take risks. Everyone is empowered to learn, dream, and build the future of work. We are on the brink of another Cambrian leap -- a moment of immense evolution and growth. And we need your expertise and experience to do it. Now is the perfect time to move your skills to the cloud.Cloud Software Group is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, sex or gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions (including lactation status), marital status, military service, protected veteran status, political activity or affiliation, taking or requesting statutorily protected leave and other protected classifications.If you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during any part of the application process, please email us at AskHR@cloud.com for assistance."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4275484968","title":"Software Engineering Team Lead","company":"Corsearch","location":"London","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.corsearch.com/jobs/6215669-software-engineering-team-lead?utm_source=LinkedIn","description":"At Corsearch, we are dedicated to creating a world where consumers can trust the choices they make.As a global leader in Trademark and Brand Protection, we partner with businesses to safeguard their most valuable assets in an increasingly complex digital environment.Our comprehensive solutions, powered by AI-driven data and deep analytics, enable brands to establish, monitor, and protect their presence against infringement and counterfeiting.Why Choose Corsearch?Innovative Solutions: We combine cutting-edge technology with expert judgment to deliver market-leading services in trademark clearance, brand protection, and anti-counterfeiting.Global Impact: Trusted by over 5,000 customers worldwide, including 73 of Fortune's Top 100 companies, our work has a meaningful impact on businesses and consumers alike.Collaborative Culture: With a team of over 1,900 professionals across multiple global offices, you'll be joining an inclusive environment where diverse perspectives thrive.Mission-Driven Purpose: Our commitment to protecting consumers and their trust in brands drives everything we do, making Corsearch a force for good in the world.✅ The RoleYou’ll architect and drive forward the evolution of our Content Protection systems, bringing technical excellence to life both through writing code and inspiring your team to reach new heights.Your expertise will shape our technical direction as you:Collaborate with product and operations partners to transform challenges into opportunitiesMentor rising talent through meaningful 1:1sEstablish priorities that align our technical capabilities with business success✅ Responsibilities and DutiesWe’re seeking a skilled practitioner, passionate about technology and eager to expand their impact and responsibilities.In this role, you will:Serve as our go-to authority on Content Protection system implementations Improve the technical excellence of the team by leading by example and coaching othersDesign and implement high-impact technical solutions aligned with modern architectural practicesProvide mentorship, sharing best practices and driving continuous improvementTranslate product needs into technical deliverables in coordination with stakeholdersMaintain a high standard of code quality and technical rigorFoster an environment of diverse perspectives, growth, accountability, and learning Contribute technical input to strategic decisions alongside product leads and senior peersLead a globally distributed team across multiple time zones (from UTC+6 to UTC–8) ✅ EssentialProven track record of solving complex technical problemsDeep understanding of software design patterns (e.g., microservices, event-driven architecture)Experience planning and leading projects that delivered measurable business/customer impactProficiency with both interpreted and compiled languages We use Python, Go, TypeScript, C#, and RubyExperience with relational, NoSQL, and columnar databases PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, ClickHouseComfortable with Linux server managementHands-on experience with: Containerization (e.g., Docker), Kubernetes (K8s), Kafka, Infrastructure as Code (IaC) ,Major cloud providers (AWS, GCP)Familiarity with: Front-end frameworks (e.g., React), Web crawling/scraping methodologiesCorsearch is an equal opportunity and inclusive employer and does not tolerate discrimination of any kind. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace where all employees feel valued, respected, and supported. We welcome applications from all individuals regardless of race, nationality, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, or any other protected characteristic. Together, we are working proactively to build a workplace where everyone can belong and be at their best selves. Together, we make an Impact.Trusted by over 5,000 customers worldwide, Corsearch delivers AI-powered data, deep analytics, and professional services that support brands to market their assets, drive growth, and optimise brand presence against infringement.Corsearch enables brand owners to discover, monitor and control the use and misuse of their brands and associated products and services online and is the industry market leader.Corsearch does this in an increasingly complex global digital environment, with online brand protection solutions that cover everything from anti-counterfeiting to anti-piracy."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4118574502","title":"Staff Software Engineer","company":"Datadog","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.datadoghq.com/detail/6514572/?gh_jid=6514572&gh_src=8363eca61","description":"Datadog’s Staff Engineers are our technical leaders operating at the forefront of technology, building solutions that take us through at least our next five years of growth. They do this in three major ways:As individual contributors, they bring world class technical abilities to deliver industry leading systems in areas such as data visualization, virtual runtime profiling, and planet scale streaming.As technical leaders they bring experienced technical breadth and communication skills to tackling design and architectural problems spanning the organization, charting the right course, then leading delivery.In both roles they participate in the staff engineering community and help us learn from what the industry is doing and what we've built before, and so improve company wide standards around software and systems engineering.Some examples of projects a staff engineer may own include designing and building a new data storage engine handling hundreds of millions of records per second, being the lead engineer building a new product like synthetics or profiling, or rebuilding a critical service to handle the next two orders of magnitude of scale.At Datadog, we value our office culture – the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.What You'll Do:Be the technical owner of multiple pieces of critical architecture in your area of the business.Own delivery of the systems you architect from beginning-to-end, doing what it takes to get things shipped and at full scale in production.Dive deep into performance of systems; inventing new approaches that bring efficiency at scale.Who You Are:You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience10+ years of relevant engineering experience4+ years of technical leadership experience, either as a manager or technical leaderYou have led the design and delivery of industry-leading systems, either in their unique depth of technical expertise needed and/or in their scope of impact across a company’s engineering org.Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply. Benefits and Growth:New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathingIntradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networkingAn inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)Competitive global benefitsGiving programsBenefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.About Datadog: Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on Instagram, LinkedIn, and Datadog Learning Center. Equal Opportunity at Datadog:Datadog is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our Candidate Legal Notices for your reference.Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete this form. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.Privacy and AI Guidelines:Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice. For information on our AI policy, please visit Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314069203","title":"Indirect Procurement Manager A&P","company":"The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.elcompanies.com/careers/job/1168261604912?utm_source=linkedin&domain=elcompanies.com","description":"Category Strategy developmentSupport the Senior Manager of category strategic thinking.Drive opportunities across EMEA at Regional Office and Affiliate levels but also link with counterparts in other regions to share and benefit from best practice learning.Drive key supplier relationship management (SRM), supplier development/integration in EMEA.Establish strong relationships with internal stakeholders ensure early involvement in strategic ideas and to anticipate future requirements and plans. Applying Sustainability, Innovation and Supplier I&amp;D principals and guidelines.Strategy implementation &amp; execution and New Sourcing Activities.Execution of pipeline or identification of new projects sourcing projects as aligned with stakeholders ensuring business sponsorshipRegional requirements sourcing, lead and management of RFX activity.Participate in globally led sourcing activity on behalf of the Region.Maintain and improve the preferred vendor list with a key focus to manage/reduce the tail of the supplier base Robust contract development and deployment ensuring visibility of final agreement for stakeholder adoption and roll out.SRMContinuous review of service delivery to have a positive impact on the quality and the improvement of the performances as well as to seek further value creations and cost optimizationsKey focus on business continuity, due diligence and market intelligence and trends. Ensuring supplier evolution and alternatives are assessed in collaboration with the business.continuous monitoring and improvement of the existing Rate Cards (price grids) / panel of preferred vendor listEnsure the implementation of contractual agreements (MSA /SOW) amendments and adoption by stakeholder groups inc Affiliates where applicable.Cross functional/ individualIntroduce and\\or contribute to cross-functional projects (at Global, Regional Office and Affiliate levels).Introduce and\\or participate in the continuous improvement of our processes and procurement performances.Ensure the management of internal dashboards (KPI, savings etc) as required and identify the ‘upside’ opportunity and potential risk and blocking pointsWhere required, manage ad-hoc projects as agreed with Director in cases of overcapacity/ risk elsewhere in the Indirect Procurement DepartmentActively participate in training and continual professional development. Ensuring all mandatory trainings is completed.RequirementsProcurement experience, ideally in Indirect Procurement particularly experience in Marketing ProcurementProcurement skills are a prerequisite for this role, strong experience and expertise in Category Management, Negotiation, Competitive Bidding, Cost Modelling, Benchmarking /Should Cost/ TCO, Contractual Agreements and Supplier Relationship ManagementExcellent collaboration, team ethic and ability to coordinate in a matrix team environment with Regional stakeholders &amp; peers, Affiliates, Global and other RegionsStrategic thinking. This role contributes and supports in the development and execution of the Regional category strategy for Agencies, covering: Events, PR, Creative &amp; ProductionStrong stakeholder relationship management capability, including proficient communication and presentation skills. This role will manage initiatives at Regional and Affiliate level and will therefore engage with stakeholders in Affiliate Procurement and across the organization.Strong project management skills: flexibility and capacity to adapt to changing project circumstances. Rigor and organization to manage simultaneous projects in an efficient manner.Proactive attitude, taking initiative to suggest ideas and enhancements to the management of the Category. Excellent Excel and PowerPoint skills and SAP/ARIBA requiredStrong analytical skills to evaluate RFI, RFP; detailed comparison / score card based on the predefined criteria with the businessFlexible / remote working conditions"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4291878138","title":"Senior Services Engineer","company":"GE Vernova","location":"Boston","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.gevernova.com/global/en/job/GVXGVWGLOBALR5018432EXTERNALENGLOBAL/Senior-Services-Engineer?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=phenom-feeds","description":"Job Description SummaryProvides expertise in sustained customer success and growth in the post-sales customer lifecycle through training, professional services, technical support, renewals, outcome attainment, retention, expansion, and customer advocacy with a Digital focus. Impacts departmental operations and responsible for planning/execution. The role has some autonomy but is focused on execution of activities within an operating discipline covered by standard functional practices and procedures. Some judgment may be required but this is typically with guidance.Job DescriptionRoles &amp; Responsibilities: Delivers customer satisfaction: Manages project delivery in a quality fashion; obtains satisfactory levels of customer satisfaction. Addresses all customer concerns/issues in a timely and satisfactory fashion.Application Installation, Configuration, Development &amp; Upgrades: Perform installation, configuration, customization to implement APM for customers in accordance with the function requirements and design. Provide technical support for APM projects.System Architecture &amp; Technical Design: Can update a standard system architecture based on the customer specifics. Can develop a standard technical design specification. Effectively leverage product capability, driving standardization, limiting customization, and maximizing reuse of content developed for previous solutions.Effort Scoping / Estimation: Can create a work breakdown structure and estimates for standard technical activities.Requirements Gathering: Limited Experience in business processes and applications. Able to interview stakeholders to gain experience on business processes and can document in a structured way.Collaborate with cross functional teams: Collaborate with Project Managers and Services Consultants throughout the project to identify and scope applications changes while adhering to the change management process. Interact with Product Development Team, Commercial Team, Customers, Solution Providers (Partner / Integrators), and other cross-functional teams as required. Engage throughout the full lifecycle of assigned projects, influencing decisions on design and functionality to keep projects on track in terms of budget, time, and customer expectations.Qualifications/Technical SkillsBachelor’s degree or equivalent (defined as: High School Diploma/GED and 3+ years progressive experience in software services).5 years experience in APM technical implementation is required 6+ years’ experience in client-facing consulting focused on technical configuration using databases, .NET code development or software implementations.Software skills in software analysis, design, methodology, and architectureProgramming experience in software development with Microsoft Visual Studio / Development tools.Experience working with Databases like SQL and Oracle with good exposure on DDL, DML commands along with Stored Procedures.Experience with basic database administration like Restoring, Backup for both SQL and Oracle.Strong experience with SQL Server Reporting Services and SQL Server Analysis Services is a plus.Experience with commonly used EAM (Enterprise Asset Management) systems, such as SAP, Maximo, or Oracle EAM is a plus.Able to master the different delivery methodologies (i.e. Iterative, Waterfall, and Agile) and apply them on the assigned projects.Strong spoken and written English language skills.Can lead small project (1-3 team members) to achieve the desired technical outcome.AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner is a plus.Familiar in utilizing Lean methodology.Behavioral CompetenciesDemonstrated ability to learn new software development practices, languages, and toolsEffectively communicate both verbally and in writing with peers and team members as an inclusive team member, supporting project execution.Excellent complex problem solving and analytical skillsWork independently as well as part of the team.Fosters a strong working relationship with customers in order to generate a clear understanding of their needs and concerns; possesses ability to think from clients’ perspective.Seeks to understand problems thoroughly before implementing solutions. Asks questions to clarify requirements when ambiguities are present. Implements clean, concise solutions that address the requirements.Can work independently and respect the guidance of the business ethics and culture acting with humility with all colleagues, leading contractors and providing guidance to junior colleagues.Must be willing to travel to work closely with our customers when requiredAdditional InformationRelocation Assistance Provided: Yes This is a remote position"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4280771136","title":"Digital Sales Manager - Nordics, France, Italy, Iberia","company":"Intuitive","location":"California","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.intuitive.com/en/jobs/744000074686265/JOB206778/digital-sales-manager-nordics-france-italy-iberia/?source=linkedin&src=LinkedIn","description":"Company DescriptionAt Intuitive, we are united behind our mission: we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints.As a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery, we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team, committed to making a difference. For more than 25 years, we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare’s hardest challenges and advance what is possible.Intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds. We believe great ideas can come from anywhere—we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect. We lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as their most authentic selves.Passionate people who want to make a difference drive our culture—our team members are grounded in integrity, have a strong capacity to learn, the energy to get things done, and bring diverse, real-world experiences to help us think in new ways. We actively invest in our team members to support their long-term growth so they can continue to advance our mission and achieve their highest potential.Join a team committed to taking big leaps forward for a global community of healthcare professionals and their patients. Together, let’s advance the world of minimally invasive care.Job DescriptionPrimary Function of Position:Our digital solutions provide technology to enable easier capturing, archiving, live streaming and sharing of clinical video and other data around diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, as well as simulation training.We are looking for a highly motivated and top-notch Digital Sales Manager (DSM), with the necessary experience in digital technologies to further grow our digital solutions business, stabilize processes and seek highest customer satisfaction.The DSM will focus on shaping and executing on the current and future digital commercialization strategies by managing the digital sales and utilization team in the assigned region. The digital sales and utilization team consists of Digital Sales Representatives (DSR) and Digital Solutions Integration Specialists (DSIS).The DSM will expand the footprint of Intuitive’ s digital products by promoting enhanced digital solutions to customers, turning opportunities into action and maximize digital solutions adoption and utilization.The DSM will regularly lead and facilitate meetings, build solid relationships, solve critical business challenges, and create new programs and processes with the goal of advancing customer engagement and satisfaction. In addition, the DSM will be critical in goal settings and forecasting and will provide regular updates to the top leadership in Europe.The DSM remains open to include other existing digital solutions, that may benefit from regrouping into the current portfolio or to include future digital solutions, as they are being brought to market. The DSM adapts quickly to continuous changes in a digital organization that evolves quickly over time.This field-based position requires 2-4 days per week travelling or being present with customers and teams across the assigned region.Roles &amp; ResponsibilitiesManage a highly motivated digital sales team by hiring, training, developing, and retaining top talent to drive the digital sales activities within the assigned region,Manage all commercial activities, from lead generation to closing the deal and post sales account management,Provide technical, functional and product expertise to team members,Execute the digital sales strategy in the assigned region, by developing and implementing sales activities to achieve and exceed goals set by senior management,Expand usage of digital in digital accounts,Manage and increase the day-to-day customer and account relations,Build and maintain excellent relationship and collaborate closely with dV sales teams, technical support and enabling functions (contracting, data privacy, tendering, marketing, customer service, customer success, etc.) to implement new strategies and programs as directed by senior management,Diagnose knowledge gaps within the team and implement training plans accordingly,Develop annual goals and forecasting and provide regular reporting to the upper management,Support and lead pan-European digital projects.QualificationsRequired Knowledge, Skills, and Experience:Advanced degree (M.Sc., PhD and/or MD) or equivalent experience required. Engineering, life science or medical background preferred,Minimum of 8 years sales experience including 5+ years in medical device sales,Minimum 2 years of experience in selling and implementing digital solutions to hospitals,Experience in developing, coaching, and training sales or clinical support roles in the medical device industry is an advantage,Deep understanding of clinical workflows in the OR (Surgery, Endoscopy), IT infrastructure and EMR / PACS solutions,Result-driven with a strong sense of accountability,Experienced in working with European KOLs in Robotic Surgery, surgery, endoscopy and digital solutions.,Demonstrated ability to build and lead a team is an advantage,Excellent verbal and written communication in local language and English,Ability to travel 2-4 days per week.Additional InformationIntuitive is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees, and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type, without regard to race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, genetic information or any other status protected under federal, state, or local applicable laws.We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314178136","title":"Digital Sales Manager","company":"Intuitive","location":"California","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.intuitive.com/en/jobs/744000087704355/REF23218A/digital-sales-manager/?source=linkedin&src=LinkedIn","description":"Company DescriptionAt Intuitive, we are united behind our mission: we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints.As a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery, we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team, committed to making a difference. For more than 25 years, we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare's hardest challenges and advance what is possible.Intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds. We believe great ideas can come from anywhere. We strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect. We lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as their most authentic selves.Passionate people who want to make a difference drive our culture. Our team members are grounded in integrity, have a strong capacity to learn, the energy to get things done, and bring diverse, real world experiences to help us think in new ways. We actively invest in our team members to support their long-term growth so they can continue to advance our mission and achieve their highest potential.Join a team committed to taking big leaps forward for a global community of healthcare professionals and their patients. Together, let's advance the world of minimally invasive care.Job DescriptionPrimary Function of Position:Our digital solutions provide technology to enable easier capturing, archiving, live streaming and sharing of clinical video and other data around diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, while also allowing for a complete integration with electronic medical records (EMR) and picture archival and communications (PACS) systems.We are looking for a highly motivated and top-notch Digital Sales Manager (DSM), with the necessary experience in digital technologies to further grow our digital solutions business, stabilize processes and seek highest customer satisfaction.The DSM will focus on shaping and executing on the current and future digital commercialization strategies by supporting and overseeing the digital sales teams in the global distribution indirect countries around the world. The digital sales and utilization team consists of Digital Sales Representatives (DSR) and Technical Sales Consultants (TSC) residing with each indirect market, and will focus on first to launch markets with dV5 across the worldwide Indirect markets with a primary focus on European markets.The DSM will expand the footprint of Intuitive’ s digital products by promoting enhanced digital solutions to customers, turning opportunities into action and maximize digital solutions adoption and utilization primarily with the expansion of da Vinci 5.The DSM will be expected to be expert in the product line to lead and develop the local teams. Work closely with customers and the Global Distribution Digital sales, technical and customer service teams to ensure strong implementations of Digital across multiple countries. Regularly lead and facilitate meetings, build solid relationships, solve critical business challenges, and create new programs and processes with the goal of advancing customer engagement and satisfaction. In addition, the DSM will be critical in goal settings and forecasting and will provide regular updates to the Worldwide Indirect leadership team, as well as, Global Distribution leadership teams.The DSM remains open to include other existing digital solutions, that may benefit from regrouping into the current portfolio or to include future digital solutions, as they are being brought to market. The DSM adapts quickly to continuous changes in a digital organization that evolves quickly over time. Creates a culture of one team mentality and strong communication on successes and opportunities.This field-based position requires &gt;60% travel, working closely with regional Commercial Managers, Directors and Global Distribution and customers across the assigned region.Manage/support regional digital sales team by being involved in the hiring, training, developing, and retaining top talent to drive the digital sales activities across the Worldwide Indirect markets globally.Manage/support all commercial activities, from lead generation to closing the deal and post sales account management for Digital expansions and dV5 Digital implementations.Provide technical, functional and product expertise to team members.Execute the digital sales strategy in the assigned region, by developing and implementing sales activities to achieve and exceed goals set by senior management.Expand usage of digital in top digital customer targets in close alignment with the capital and clinical sales teams across the Distribution markets.Manage and increase the day-to-day customer and account relations.Build and maintain excellent relationship and collaborate closely with da Vinci commercial sales teams in Distribution markets, corporate marketing, regional marketing, field service, and enabling functions (contracting, data privacy, tendering, marketing, customer service, customer success, etc.) to implement new strategies and programs as directed by senior management.Diagnose knowledge gaps within the team and implement training plans accordingly.Develop annual goals and forecasting and provide regular reporting to the upper management.Review results quarterly with senior leadership to allow for agility in this rapidly growing business segment.Create a culture of solutions and support to help expand the Digital footprint to all Intuitive markets and customers.Support and lead Worldwide Indirect digital projects.Collaborate with Global Digital team members in EU, US, APAC and LATAM regularly.QualificationsRoles and Responsibilities:Required Knowledge, Skills, And ExperienceAdvanced degree (M.Sc., PhD and/or MD) or equivalent experience required. Engineering, life science or medical background preferred.Minimum of 8 years sales experience including 5+ years in medical device sales.Minimum 2 years of experience in selling and implementing digital solutions to hospitals.Experience in developing, coaching, and training sales or clinical support roles in the medical device industry is an advantage.Deep understanding of clinical workflows in the OR (Surgery, Endoscopy), IT infrastructure and EMR / PACS solutions.Result-driven with a strong sense of accountability, agility and collaboration.Experienced in working with Clinical KOLs in Robotic Surgery, surgery, endoscopy and digital solutions.Demonstrated ability to influence, build and lead a team is preferred.Excellent verbal and written communication in English required. Other language skills a plus.&gt;60% travel expected.Additional InformationIntuitive is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees, and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type, without regard to race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, genetic information or any other status protected under federal, state, or local applicable laws.We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4300342440","title":"Engineering/Architect Director - CPG/Retail (H/F)","company":"Publicis Sapient France","location":"Paris","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.publicissapient.com/job-details/2024-48834-engineering-architect-director\\u002d\\u002d-cpg-retail\\u002d\\u002dh-f\\u002d\\u002dparis?mode=apply&iis=LinkedIn+Apply","description":"Job DescriptionNotre organisationDans le cadre de nos programmes de Digital Business Transformation, nous créons des équipes pluridisciplinaires SPEED (Stratégie, Product, Expérience, Engineering, Data &amp; IA) de plusieurs dizaines à plusieurs centaines de collaborateurs, France et International, qui viennent s’interfacer avec celles de nos clients.Ceux-ci proviennent de différentes industries : Retail/Consumer Product Goods, Financial Services, Transportation &amp; Mobility, Travel &amp; Hospitality.Ensemble, nous concevons des nouveaux produits/services digitaux disruptifs, nous pilotons des sujets de transformation en profondeur ou encore nous résolvons des sujets complexes.Pour ce faire, l équipe Engineering France regroupe différentes Crafts : Architecture, Développement front-end, back-end et mobile (React, Java, Android, Flutter, iOS…), Devops, QA.À l’international, nous collaborons avec un réseau de plus de 12 000 experts à travers le monde (États-Unis, Royaume-Uni, Inde, Roumanie, etc.), nous permettant de répondre à des besoins technologiques diversifiés.Description Du PosteDans ce cadre, nous recrutons un(e) Director Of Technology spécialisé(e) dans les industries Retail/Consumer Product Goods.Rattaché(e) à l’équipe Engineering et en binôme avec le Client Partner Retail/Consumer Product Goods, vous adresserez des entreprises de renoms pour identifier et résoudre des problématiques techniques liées à des sujets d E-commerce, d omnicanalité, de marketing technologie, de CRM ou encore de Customer Data Platform !Vous serez impliqué(e) dans toutes les phases des programmes de transformation digitale : de l avant-vente à la supervision des équipes techniques. Vous jouerez un rôle clé dans l élaboration de stratégies globales et la mise en œuvre de solutions techniques innovantes.En tant que Director of Technology Retail/Consumer Product Goods, vous endosserez deux casquettes principales : Presales et Delivery.PRESALES :Participer aux rendez-vous commerciaux et aux réponses aux appels d offre, pour apporter votre expertise technique, adaptée aux industries Retail/Consumer Product GoodsAider à définir et à comprendre les enjeux et problématiques des clients, et les aligner avec nos capacités, en collaboration avec les différentes capabilités du SPEEDContribuer à l’élaboration de la stratégie globale et à la création de nouveaux produits et services. DELIVERY :Endosser le rôle d’Architecte sur des missions, en concevant et en mettant en œuvre des architecturesIntervenir sur toutes les phases d’un programme : avant-vente, réunions clients, estimations, dimensionnement des équipes, définition de la roadmap...Traduire les exigences commerciales en une architecture et une approche technique innovantesSuperviser les équipes techniques pour assurer la bonne réalisation de l’architecture définie en France et à l internationalParticiper activement au développement des projets avec une approche hands-onParticiper au recrutement de l’équipeAccompagner les collaborateurs dans leur évolution chez Publicis Sapient France.QualificationsHard skills:Vous êtes issu(e) d un background techniqueVous avez minimum 20 ans d expérience dans l IT, dont 5 ans en cabinet de conseilVous avez récemment travaillé pendant minimum 7 ans dans les industries Retail/Consumer Product Goods dans un cabinet de conseil et/ou chez le client finalVous avez déjà travaillé sur des programmes en mode Agile, avec des équipes pluridisciplinaires dans un environnement internationalVous avez fraîchement délivré des architectures et piloté des équipes techniques dans des grands projets de transformation digitale (plus de 10 000 jours home par an)Vous avez déjà délivré des missions d évaluation technologique et de maturité ITVous savez chiffrer et planifier des projets d implémentation des architectures et solutions modernes cloudVous connaissez les technologies modernes dans le cloud sur les outils de développement, les solutions sur mesure et solutions du marché, l infrastructure : impact des formes d IA, architectures Agentiques…Vous connaissez les dernières tendances technologiques et leurs impacts potentiels sur les futures solutions et organisationsVous parlez couramment français et anglais.Nice to have:Vous avez une expérience significative sur les outils Salesforce Commerce Cloud et Adobe Experience Manager.Soft skills:Vous êtes dynamique et impactant(e), et êtes en capacité de convaincre des CDO, CIO et CTOVous êtes capable d apporter aussi bien une vision de synthèse qu une vision détaillée à des C-levelsVous avez des convictions et savez les défendre de façon constructiveVous êtes à l aise avec la prise de parole en public, notamment pour pitcherVous êtes à l écouteVous savez travailler avec des équipes pluridisciplinaires.Additional InformationPourquoi nous rejoindre ?Une structure en croissance, avec une histoire forte et adossée à un groupe du CAC40 qui, par sa puissance, donne l’élan nécessaire à chacun pour se développerUn environnement de travail multiculturel et internationalWork Your World : un programme permettant de travailler à distance dans toute la France et à l étranger, jusqu à 6 semaines consécutives, à partir d’un an d’anciennetéUn accès à de nombreuses formations, certifications, e-learning accessibles gratuitement, coachings, communautés de pratiquesUn accès à une gamme de produits IA pour la réalisation des tâches du quotidienUne organisation du travail hybride (télétravail/présentiel)Un plan de développement de carrière individualisé, suivi par un people manager et un staffing people partner (mobilité géographique, reconversion professionnelle, management, expertise)Une grille de salaire basée sur les compétences, et réévaluée régulièrement en fonction du marchéDivers avantages sociaux (PEG, PERECOL, 1% Logement, prime vacances, intéressement, congés maternité de 18 semaines, congés exceptionnels, congés enfant malade et proches aidants, maintien de salaire en cas de maladie au bout d’un an d’ancienneté, avantages CSE, 10% de remise sur toute notre boutique PublicisDrugstore, 6,50€ la séance de cinéma au Publicis Cinemas pour vous et vos accompagnants…)Des moments de rencontre (séminaire annuel, session d’intégration sur 4 jours, Family Sapient Day…).Viva La Différence !Cette philosophie de Publicis Groupe témoigne depuis toujours de notre engagement pour la diversité et de la conviction que nos talents sont notre plus grande richesse et notre meilleur atout. Nous valorisons ainsi toutes les singularités, sans distinction d’âge, de sexe, de couleur de peau, d’origine sociale, de religion, ou d’orientation sexuelle… seules les compétences et l’énergie comptent. Nous encourageons toutes les candidatures qualifiées et seront ravis d’accompagner tout au long du processus de recrutement, de manière personnalisée, une candidate ou un candidat en situation de handicap qui en ferait la demande. Publicis France est engagé pour l’égalité des chances et l’équité d’opportunités pour tous et toutes.Company DescriptionPublicis Sapient est un cabinet de conseil en transformation technologique. Nous accompagnons les entreprises pour les aider à créer et à maintenir un avantage concurrentiel dans un monde de plus en plus digital.Notre expertise unique regroupée sous l acronyme SPEED (Stratégie, Produit, Expérience, Engineering et Data &amp; IA), combinée à notre connaissance approfondie des différents secteurs d activité, nous permet de créer des produits et des expériences innovants centrés sur la valeur qu’ils délivrent à leurs clients.Notre approche agile, axée sur les données et les dernières technologies, permet aux entreprises de faire face au changement, en plaçant le digital au cœur de leur activité.Avec plus de 20 000 collaborateurs à travers 72 bureaux dans le monde, Publicis Sapient est le pôle de transformation digitale de Publicis Groupe."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314672351","title":"Service Delivery Manager","company":"Snowflake","location":"Menlo Park","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://careers.snowflake.com/us/en/job/SNCOUSE85A1486F707405EA94C78C7BA66C97EEXTERNALENUS217BCD162E5B4C16881DE705A46979EB/Service-Delivery-Manager?utm_source=Q2P9NP2NNP&utm_medium=phenom-feeds&gh_src=ed5543a62","description":"Snowflake is about empowering enterprises to achieve their full potential — and people too. With a culture that’s all in on impact, innovation, and collaboration, Snowflake is the sweet spot for building big, moving fast, and taking technology — and careers — to the next level.As a Services Delivery Manager within EMEA, you are engaged at the account level in providing visibility, service reviews and reporting through all phases of the implementation lifecycle. You will work hand-in-hand with senior stakeholders on opportunities to improve our service and delivery. You will work across customer organizations and multiple Snowflake teams to ensure customers’ applications are well designed and scale to the needs of their business. Success is defined by the SDMs ability to develop a quality service strategy per customer, capture and report on key metrics, identify upsell opportunities and quickly become the client’s trusted advisor.AS A SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER AT SNOWFLAKE, YOU WILL: Own, manage and communicate the operational relationship with assigned clientsManage key client projects by communicating effectively with project team members, management and project stakeholders on status, issues, risks, and project goals and objectivesLead internal and client meetings with thorough documentation and rigorous follow-upManage client and project documentation, communications, meetings and required meeting follow-upsTrack metrics around infrastructure performance and service requestsContinually seek to improvePrepare and present service reports to clientsCreate, implement and track relationship roadmapsHelp create and execute on the overall vision for service delivery and client satisfactionDetermine areas for process improvements within both the client and SnowflakeWork with key stakeholders to implement and documentOUR IDEAL SERVICES DELIVERY MANAGER WILL HAVE: 5+ years of experience in a Services Delivery role (or similar capacity) dealing with complex, technical implementation projectsDirect experience in the Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence and/or Cloud fieldProven ability to communicate and translate effectively across multiple groups from design and engineering to marketing, advertising, and business developmentStrong organizational skills, ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneouslyBonus Points: Experience in a client support and advisory technical role (Solution architect, system administrator, technical account manager or equivalent).Fluent in English language (European languages will be a nice to have, especially French or German)WHY JOIN OUR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES TEAM AT SNOWFLAKE: Unique opportunity to work on a truly disruptive software productGet unique, hands-on experience with bleeding edge data warehouse technologyDevelop, lead and execute an industry-changing initiativeLearn from the best! Join a dedicated, experienced team of professionals.Snowflake is growing fast, and we’re scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.How do you want to make your impact?For jobs located in the United States, please visit the job posting on the Snowflake Careers Site for salary and benefits information: careers.snowflake.com"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4309912391","title":"Client Success Snr Manager (Saudi)","company":"Oracle","location":"Austin","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://eeho.fa.us2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/job/310588/?utm_medium=jobboard&utm_source=linkedin","description":"Job DescriptionIn line with the relevant policy and requirements of the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, preference will be given to Saudi nationals who apply for this role.What Does Oracle’s Customer Success Organization Do?Our mission is to to be a catalyst for Oracle’s customer success. We want to help our clients realize the maximum value of their Oracle Cloud solutions. We help unlock the full potential of Oracle Cloud by focusing on business outcomes. Indeed, the Customer Success Organization plays a key role in driving business outcomes across: (1) customer, (2) product, (3) partners/implementors, and (4) GTM/sales.CUSTOMER SUCCESS: We are the single source of truth across the complete customer lifecycle. Our goal is to live in the currency of customer success, driving winning NPS, CLV, and referenceable logos.PRODUCT SUCCESS: We demonstrate the art of the possible across Oracle’s unified suite of offerings, driving adoption and ensuring alignment among customer processes, data, and product(s).PARTNER SUCCESS: We train, enable, and certify partners, using SI success as a gateway to customer success. GTM SUCCESS: We are the catalyst for advancing ONE Oracle, being the glue for ensuring winning customer success from pre-sales to Day 2. Career Level - M3ResponsibilitiesResponsibilities:Customer Relationship Management:Build and nurture strong, long-lasting relationships with key customers.Serve as the primary point of contact for escalated customer issues and ensure timely resolution.Team Leadership:Lead and mentor a team of Customer Success Representatives.Foster a collaborative and customer-centric culture within the team.Customer Onboarding:Oversee the onboarding process for new clients, ensuring a seamless and positive experience.Develop and implement effective onboarding strategies to drive customer success.Product Expertise:Develop a deep understanding of our products and services.Provide guidance and insights to customers on maximizing the value of our offerings.Renewals and Expansion:Work closely with the sales team to identify opportunities for upselling and cross-selling.Drive customer renewals by demonstrating the ongoing value of our solutions.Feedback and Improvement:Gather customer feedback and collaborate with internal teams to continuously improve products and services.Implement best practices to enhance the overall customer experience.If you are…An out-of-the-box thinker always looking for new approaches and solutions. You enjoy rolling up your sleeves and tackling challenges with a hands-on approach.. You have a passion for customer success across the lifecycle-building relationships that blossom into trusted partnerships one decision at a time. Entrepreneurial-minded with sound judgement and can navigate complexity. You take ownership of your individual success as well as those around you, modeling integrity and accountability with colleagues and clients.…then we want to talk to you!What You’ll BringYour enthusiasm, knowledge and business acumen, and love and passion for customer success will help Oracle become the leading cloud service provider.More specifically, you will have the experience described below:Passion for and ability to have cross-industry consultative conversations regarding business challenges and opportunities building trusted advisory relationships with customers and partners alike.Deep product and market expertise in Cloud Delivery, including customer needs, competitive landscape, and key trends in the industry.7+ years of experience product line and/or Cloud transformation.Proven experience leading end-to-end success of cloud solutions across Product and other functions including Marketing, Sales, Service, Alliances, and/or Support.A highly collaborative leader who can navigate different personalities, work well in teams, and believes that 1+1=&gt;3.are achieved.Key Skills/QualificationsMaster degree or equivalent.Proven experience in customer success management, with a track record of achieving and exceeding targets.Ability to work effectively with and through a matrix and a virtual organization.Successful track record as Program Director of transformational and international SaaS transformation.Experience in managing Turn around of escalated IT transformation projects.Bring a good level of overall functional Expertise in Saas (especially in ERP/HCM)Commercial sensitiveness of Saas Software contracts and Implementation costsFlexibility to work from home or travel across the region when required (assume max 50% travel – potentially needing travel on very short notice)Level 3: +7 of relevant experience in a customer success role.Level 4: +10 years of proven experience in customer success management.Desired Skills/QualificationsPMI Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification or similar.International experience across MEA regionHow You Will Be Measured:Referenceable LogosClient Satisfaction (CSAT)Net Promoter Score (NPS)Customer Lifetime Value (CLV)Renewals on ATRInstall Base ExpansionTime to First Value # of Green and red accountsGroup revenue and marginNet ARRNet Dollar Retention (NDR)Logo retention (LRR)Coverage (ARR and Accounts) Partner Success (e.g., # of Certified SIs, red accts)What We OfferA driver’s seat in a top project and program director role with Oracle internal and external visibility. A stepping stone for further growing your own career. Enriching your experience while being hands on and customer facing with the largest Oracle accounts in the region. Being an essential part of Oracle’s Global Customer Success organizationAn ability to grow your network in a wide and international Oracle Cloud ecosystem.QualificationsCareer Level - M3About UsAs a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology to tackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotes opportunities for all.Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency and support our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the United States.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4300341697","title":"Business Development Representative II","company":"Infoblox","location":"Santa Clara","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://efpv.fa.us6.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/job/6596/?utm_medium=jobboard&utm_source=linkedin","description":"Job DescriptionAt Infoblox, every breakthrough begins with a bold “what if.”What if your ideas could ignite global innovation?What if your curiosity could redefine the future?We invite you to step into the next exciting chapter of your career journey. Bring your creativity, drive, your daring spirit, and feel what it’s like to thrive on a team big enough to make an impact, yet small enough to make a difference. Our cloud-first networking and security solutions already protect 70% of the Fortune 500, and we’re looking for creative thinkers ready to push that influence even further. Join us and discover how far your bold “what if” can take the world, your community, and your career.Here, how we empower our people is extraordinary: Glassdoor Best Places to Work 2025, Great Place to Work-Certified in five countries, and Cigna Healthy Workforce honors three years running — and what we build is world-class, recognized as CybersecAsia’s Best in Critical Infrastructure 2024 — evidence that when first-class technology meets empowered talent, remarkable careers take shape. So, what if the next big idea, and the next great career story, comes from you? Become the force that turns every “what if” into “what’s next”.In a world where you can be anything, Be Infoblox.BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REPRESENTATIVE We have an opportunity for a Business Development Representative to join our team in Saudi Arabia, reporting to the manager of Business Development Representatives - EMEA. In this pivotal role, you will develop quality lead pipelines of net new and existing business opportunities through a hybrid of inbound and outbound prospecting and qualified meetings. Collaborating closely with sales, marketing and wider business units, you will develop your knowledge of Infoblox's network and security solutions and join an organization on the peak of rapid growth. At Infoblox, you can thrive in a work environment that emphasizes career growth, excellence, innovation, and collaboration.Be a Contributor — What You’ll DoInitiate contact with potential leads using targeted outreach strategies and leverage BANT criteria to evaluate prospect suitabilityEngage in proactive outreach activities to build and maintain a robust pipeline of opportunities, aiming to surpass daily activity and opportunity conversion targetsDevelop an in-depth knowledge of Infoblox technology to effectively communicate value propositions and act as a knowledgeable point of contact for prospects and channelRecord and manage prospect interactions and progress within Salesforce, ensuring all data is current and actionableSet up appointments with potential clients that align with both the prospect's interest and the Sales team's capacityCollaborate with the Sales team to tailor outreach efforts, align on target markets, and coordinate on the strategic approach to new business acquisitionPrepare detailed briefs encompassing budget considerations, key decision-makers, and project scope to ensure a smooth transition of opportunities to the Sales teamOversee and sustain outbound efforts across multiple states within the designated region, adapting tactics to strategic business and regional considerationsConduct consistent follow-ups and debriefs with territory managers and Sales executives to refine tactics and maintain alignment post-client interactions Be Prepared — What You Bring0-3 years experience in sales development, business development, or inside sales role Software sales experience preferredProven ability to independently turn sales and marketing strategies into qualified leadsExpertise with tools like Salesforce, Outreach/Salesloft, ZoomInfo, LinkedIn Sales Navigator and AI/ Co-pilot to drive real business outcomes are a plusMotivation and a detail–orientated approach to your work to ensure every follow-up is consistently executed at the highest standardPassion for sales and building relationships that put the customer or prospect firstFluent in English and ArabicBe Successful — Your PathFirst 90 Days: Immerse in our culture, connect with mentors, and map the systems and stakeholders that rely on your work.Six Months:  Understand the trends by employee size/vertical/solution, craft your own prospecting programs and messaging, present your quarterly business plans &amp; results to the region you support, and meet or exceed your monthly/quarterly targets.One Year:  Master Infoblox product knowledge, proficient in CRM management and reporting, an expert in the current tech stack, demonstrate continuous success working cross-functionally with stakeholders, and establish a strong foundation to begin career development conversations.Belong—  Your CommunityOur culture thrives on inclusion, rewarding the bold ideas, curiosity, and creativity that move us forward. In a community where every voice counts, continuous learning is the norm. So, whether you code, create, sell, or care for customers, you’ll grow and belong here.Be Rewarded —  Benefits That Help You Grow, Thrive, BelongComprehensive health coverage, generous PTO, and flexible work optionsLearning opportunities, career-mobility programs, and leadership workshopsSixteen paid volunteer hours each year, global employee resource groups, and a “No Jerks” policy that keeps collaboration healthyModern offices with EV charging, healthy snacks (and the occasional cupcake), plus hackathons, game nights, and culture celebrationsCharitable Giving Program supported by Company MatchWe practice pay transparency and reward performance. Ready to Be the Difference?Infoblox is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4304660647","title":"Account Executive","company":"Elastic","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://elastic.ongig.com/jobs/sales/dubai-united-arab-emirates/account-executive/7061643?utm_source=linkedin&amp&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=ongig-job-aggregators&group=1509&gh_src=ubgar5dh1","description":"Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.What Is The RoleElastic, the Search AI company, is looking for a high-energy Account Executive to drive net-new revenue and expansion within strategic accounts. You’ll be the owner of a defined territory where you’ll build your own pipeline, tell the Elastic Search AI story, and close complex, multi-stakeholder deals in a consumption-based model. This role sits at the intersection of sales execution, technical fluency, and cross-functional collaboration—and is critical to our growth in the Enterprise segment.What You Will Be DoingOwn your territory &amp; build pipeline: Develop and execute a proactive outbound cadence (email, call, social) that generates ≥50 % of your booked opportunities.Deep discovery &amp; qualification: Uncover pain, business impact, budget, and decision criteria using frameworks like MEDDPICC so you chase only the highest-confidence deals.Value storytelling &amp; demos: Craft and deliver tailored narratives and live demos that map Elastic’s Search, Observability, and Security capabilities to measurable business outcomes.Mutual deal strategy &amp; forecast accuracy: Collaborate with customers to build formal close plans and keep your CRM up-to-date, maintaining ≥90 % forecast accuracy within ±10 %.Executive negotiation &amp; closing: Lead high-stakes contract and pricing discussions—defend your value, structure give/get trades, and land multi-year consumption commitments.Domain &amp; cloud acumen: Position Elastic as the Search AI platform of choice by speaking fluently about cloud economics, usage-based pricing, and modern data architectures.Cross-functional partnership: Work hand-in-glove with Solutions Architects, Customer Success, Marketing, and RevOps to accelerate deals and drive exceptional customer outcomes.What You BringProven SaaS quota‐carrying success: 5+ years closing complex Enterprise deals, consistently overachieving targets in a consumption-based or usage-model environment.Expert discovery &amp; qualification skills: Demonstrated ability to apply MEDDPICC or equivalent frameworks to drive disciplined pipeline and eliminate low-probability deals.Compelling value storytellers: Track record of delivering executive-level presentations and demos that tie product capabilities to real dollars saved, revenue gained, or risk mitigated.Strong negotiation chops: History of landing multi-year, high-ACV contracts while protecting margin and securing executive stakeholder buy-in.Technical &amp; cloud fluency: Comfortable discussing a broad range of technical topics including observability, security, vector/traditional search, and cloud cost optimization.Collaborative mindset &amp; coachability: A learner who partners effectively with internal teams, incorporates feedback, and embodies Elastic’s values of community and openness.Open Source enthusiasm: Genuine appreciation for open-source communities and the Elastic model—bonus if you’ve sold or advocated in an OSS context.Bonus PointsPrior experience at an open-source or developer‐centric infrastructure company.Familiarity with observability (logs, metrics, traces) or security analytics (SIEM/XDR) use cases.If you’re driven to build your own pipeline, master complex deal cycles, and help customers unlock the power of Search AI, we’d love to talk. Apply today!Additional Information - We Take Care Of Our PeopleAs a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salaryHealth coverage for you and your family in many locationsAbility to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many rolesGenerous number of vacation days each yearIncrease your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and serviceUp to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you loveEmbracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leaveDifferent people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co. We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below: Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision Poster; Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster and Know Your Rights (Poster)Elasticsearch develops and distributes encryption software and technology that is subject to U.S. export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the Donetsk People’s Republic (“DNR”), and the Luhansk People’s Republic (“LNR”). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.Please see here for our Privacy Statement.Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Poster; and Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster.Please see here for our Privacy Statement."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311691356","title":"Senior Channel Manager","company":"Entrust","location":"Minneapolis","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/EntrustCareers/job/France\\u002d\\u002d-Field/Senior-Channel-Manager_R003769","description":"At Entrust, we’re shaping the future of identity centric security solutions. From our comprehensive portfolio of solutions to our flexible, global workplace, we empower careers, foster collaboration, and build solutions that help keep the world moving safely.Get to Know Us Headquartered in Minnesota, Entrust is an industry leader in identity-centric security solutions, serving over 150 countries with cutting-edge, scalable technologies. But our secret weapon? Our people. It’s the curiosity, dedication, and innovation that drive our success and help us anticipate the future.Senior Channel Manager, Southern Region (France, Iberia, French-Speaking Africa)Are you a highly motivated, results-orientated channel sales leader ready to drive significant growth across a critical European and African region? Entrust is seeking an experienced and strategic Senior Channel Manager to organize, plan, direct, and coordinate all partner sales activities across the Southern Region (France, Iberia, and French-speaking Africa).You will be instrumental in building and executing joint business plans with our existing partners, strategically recruiting new partners, and ultimately driving new and incremental business to meet and exceed ambitious revenue goals. This is a high-impact role reporting to the EMEA Channel and GSI Director, with close alignment to the Regional Sales Director.Key ResponsibilitiesAs our Senior Channel Manager, your mission will be to expand our market share through a robust and successful channel ecosystem:Partner Strategy &amp; Execution: Establish, build, and maintain deep, trusted relationships with distributors, resellers, Global Systems Integrators (GSIs), service providers, and technology partners. Develop and execute regional and partner-specific business plans to drive aggressive sales and business development activity.Sales Enablement &amp; Collaboration: Work closely with Entrust's direct sales and partner sales teams to identify new business opportunities. Collaborate on GTM activities, sales collateral, and joint customer presentations to accelerate the sales process.Demand Generation: Create demand for Entrust's products and services by articulating compelling value propositions and entry-point value statements, and by identifying key buying influences within complex sales environments.Pipeline &amp; Revenue Growth: Develop and manage a full pipeline of qualified sales prospects by leveraging your network of channel partners to consistently achieve quarterly and annual sales revenue targets.Internal Alignment: Deploy and execute account strategies by collaborating effectively with a wide range of internal stakeholders, including Territory Sales, Marketing, Sales Engineering, Inside Sales, Professional Services, Finance, and Operations.Skills &amp; Experience RequiredThe ideal candidate is a seasoned channel sales professional with a strong background in IT Security and a proven ability to drive complex channel models:Channel Expertise: A clear understanding of various partner business and partnership models (including single-tier and 2-tier distribution), coupled with proven channel sales experience managing these models.IT Security Acumen: Strong Enterprise IT infrastructure/application knowledge, with a background in the IT security industry involving both hardware and/or software solutions. Experience with data protection and encryption/cryptography is highly desirable.Regional Market Knowledge: Applicable regional/country market, industry, or company knowledge for the Southern Region is essential.Business Negotiation: Experience in structuring and negotiating partnership agreements (e.g., pricing, support, professional services, etc.) to meet specific channel partner needs.Leadership &amp; Motivation: Ability to develop senior-level relationships, present effectively to various groups, and act as a highly motivated, self-starter and results-orientated goal achiever.Education: A Degree with a minimum of 10 years of industry experience is required.About EntrustEntrust keeps the world moving safely by enabling trusted identities, payments, and data protection. We offer an unmatched breadth of solutions that are critical to the most secure organizations and governments around the world. We are a global company dedicated to our employees and customers, committed to being an EOE/AA/Veteran/People with Disabilities employer.For more information, visit www.entrust.com. Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube.Ready to lead our channel growth in the Southern Region? Apply today to join Entrust and help us secure a more trusted world!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4310203223","title":"Customer Delivery Lead","company":"Nokia","location":"Espoo","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/job/25645/?utm_medium=jobshare&src=SNS-102","description":"Job DescriptionAs a Customer Delivery Manager at Nokia, you will lead the deployment of cloud solutions for key customers in the Americas, ensuring timely and high-quality deliverables that align with budget and scope commitments. Your mission is to enhance operational efficiency and customer satisfaction by managing critical technical issues, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and driving project success. By delivering world-class Telco cloud infrastructures, you will support Nokia's broader mission of transforming connectivity and empowering businesses to thrive in an increasingly digital world.How You Will Contribute And What You Will LearnAs a Customer Delivery Manager at Nokia, you will lead the deployment of cloud solutions for key customers in the Americas, ensuring timely and high-quality deliverables that align with budget and scope commitments. Your mission is to enhance operational efficiency and customer satisfaction by managing critical technical issues, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and driving project success. By delivering world-class Telco cloud infrastructures, you will support Nokia's broader mission of transforming connectivity and empowering businesses to thrive in an increasingly digital world.Key Skills And ExperienceManage Cloud Infrastructure delivery for key customers across North America and Latin America, ensuring alignment with project scope, timelines, and financial commitments.Acted as the primary escalation point for critical technical issues, collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless project execution.Onboarded both local and remote delivery teams, upholding high-quality standards while optimizing project financials.Aligned service demand and resource supply between Market Services and Cloud Infrastructure to support effective cost management.Supported pre-sales activities by validating project scope and pricing for Cloud Infrastructure deliverables.Proactively identified and mitigated risks related to cost and delivery to prevent overruns.Maintained accurate project status updates in organizational tools and ensured quality delivery by addressing resource gaps promptly.Built and nurtured strong relationships with customers and stakeholders to drive satisfaction and successful project outcomes.BS/MS in engineering.It would be nice of you also had:Prior experience leading end-to-end deployment of Telco Cloud solutions for strategic customers across the Americas.Strong adaptability to quickly learn and integrate new technologies, tools, and respond to evolving client requirements.About Us Come create the technology that helps the world act togetherNokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world.We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks and fearless to bring our authentic selves to workWhat we offerNokia offers continuous learning opportunities, well-being programs to support you mentally and physically, opportunities to join and get supported by employee resource groups, mentoring programs and highly diverse teams with an inclusive culture where people thrive and are empowered.Nokia is committed to inclusion and is an equal opportunity employerNokia has received the following recognitions for its commitment to inclusion &amp; equality: One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere  Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg  Workplace Pride Global Benchmark At Nokia, we act inclusively and respect the uniqueness of people. Nokia’s employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. We are committed to a culture of inclusion built upon our core value of respect.Join us and be part of a company where you will feel included and empowered to succeed.Additional InformationUS/Canada Nokia Offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes but is not limited to: Corporate Retirement Savings Plan  Health and dental benefits  Short-term disability, and long-term disability  Life insurance, and AD&amp;D – Company paid 2x base pay  Optional or Supplemental life and AD&amp;D insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)  Paid time off for holidays and Vacation  Employee Stock Purchase Plan  Tuition Assistance Plan  Adoption assistance  Employee Assistance Program/Work Life Resource Program The above benefits exclude students. Disclaimer for US/CanadaNokia Maintains broad annual base salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience and market conditions, and with consideration to internal peer equity.(Check the salary ranges in the job info section for this role)All North America job posts will post for a minimum of 7 calendar days and up to 180 days or until candidate/s identified.About The TeamAs Nokia's growth engine, we create value for communication service providers and enterprise customers by leading the transition to cloud-native software and as-a-service delivery models. Our inclusive team of dreamers, doers and disruptors push the limits from impossible to possible."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312948959","title":"Senior Enterprise Security Architect (API Security)","company":"Akamai Technologies","location":"Cambridge","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://fa-extu-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/job/1601/?utm_medium=jobboard&utm_source=linkedin","description":"Job Description About Akamai and the Role Akamai is at the forefront of digital transformation, providing businesses with advanced solutions to deliver, secure, and optimize online experiences. As a Senior Enterprise Security Architect, you will play a critical role in empowering organizations to protect their API ecosystems while achieving their business objectives. You’ll act as a trusted advisor, showcasing Akamai’s cutting-edge solutions in API discovery, posture management, and threat mitigation.This role bridges technology and business, combining deep technical expertise with strategic thinking to create real-world value for our clients. You’ll engage with enterprise customers, shaping their API security strategies, and act as a subject matter expert for both customers and internal teams, ensuring the highest level of understanding and excellence in API security. You will be part of a global team of experts that have been over achieving their objectives in the last few years.Responsibilities Key Responsibilities  Technical Leadership in Pre-Sales:  Own the technical sales lifecycle, including discovery, solution design, and delivery of compelling product demonstrations.  Translate complex technical concepts into practical, impactful use cases for diverse audiences, from technical engineers to C-level executives.  Develop and lead technical Proofs-of-Values (PoVs) to showcase product capabilities in real-world scenarios. Subject Matter Expertise Serve as the go-to expert on API security for customers, internal teams, and partners.  Educate sales teams and other stakeholders on API security trends, threats, and best practices.  Contribute to internal training initiatives to enhance team knowledge and technical expertise. Customer Advocacy Act as the technical point of contact for customers during their pre-sales journey, ensuring their success and satisfaction.  Gather customer requirements and work closely with product and engineering teams to align solutions to customer needs.  Foster long-term relationships with prospects and customers, positioning Akamai as a strategic partner. Evangelism And Enablement Present Akamai’s API security vision and best practices at industry conferences, webinars, and customer workshops.  Create and maintain high-quality solution design documentation, presentations, and other technical sales assets.  Stay ahead of trends in API security, contributing to internal knowledge sharing and external thought leadership. Collaboration Across Teams Partner with sales, product management, and engineering teams to drive alignment and continuously improve the customer experience.  Support RFP responses with clear, concise, and accurate technical insights.  What We’re Looking For  Technical Expertise:  Strong knowledge of APIs, API gateways, web application firewalls (WAF), and API security practices.  Proficiency in internet technologies, including TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP/HTTPS, SSL/TLS, and RESTful APIs.  Hands-on experience with scripting languages such as Python, JavaScript, or Bash. Cloud And Kubernetes Experience Familiarity with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, GCP) and cloud-native architectures.  Experience deploying and managing Kubernetes clusters and containerized applications.  Familiarity with Kubernetes networking, ingress controllers, and service mesh technologies (e.g., Istio, NGINX). Experience 3+ years in a technical pre-sales, solution architecture, or related role in cybersecurity or API-related fields.  Proven track record of designing and presenting technical solutions to customers and stakeholders. Communication Skills Exceptional presentation skills with the ability to explain complex concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences.  Strong written communication skills, including email correspondence, technical documentation, and RFP responses. Problem-Solving And Collaboration Proven ability to analyze customer challenges and creatively design tailored solutions.  Collaborative mindset, working effectively across sales, product, and engineering teams. Nice-to-Have Qualifications Experience in vulnerability management, penetration testing, or incident response.  Knowledge of regulatory requirements such as PCI DSS, GDPR, APPI and SOC-2.  Certifications in relevant technologies or familiarity with OWASP API Top 10.  Familiarity with DevOps practices and tools (e.g., CI/CD pipelines, Helm, Terraform).  Why Join Akamai? At Akamai, you’ll join a collaborative and innovative team dedicated to solving some of the most pressing cybersecurity challenges facing enterprises today. You’ll have the opportunity to work with industry-leading solutions, engage with high-profile customers, and grow as a thought leader in API security.You’ll also play a key role in empowering your colleagues, acting as a subject matter expert on API security to ensure that the entire team stays ahead of evolving threats and technologies."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00561c26350cf004","title":"Director of Engineering","company":"n8n","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00561c26350cf004","description":"The AI orchestration of your wildest imagination.\n\nn8n is the open AI workflow orchestration platform built for the new era of AI. We give technical teams the freedom of code with the speed of no-code, so they can automate faster, smarter, and without limits. Backed by a fiercely inventive community and 500+ builder-approved integrations, we’re changing the way people bring systems together and scale ideas for impact.\n\nSince our founding in 2019, we’ve grown into a diverse team of over 160 - working across Europe and the US, connected by a shared builder spirit and with our centre of gravity in Berlin. Along the way, we’ve:\n\nCultivated a community of more than 650,000 active developers and builders\n\nEarned 145k+ GitHub stars, making us one of the world’s Top 40 most popular projects\n\nBeen ranked as one of Europe’s most promising privately held SaaS startups (4th in Sifted’s 2025 B2B SaaS Rising 100)\n\nRaised $240m to date, from Sequoia’s first German seed to our recent $180m Series C - bringing us to a $2.5bn valuation\n\nAnd are grateful for our 94 eNPS score (most companies would call 70 excellent)\n\nThat’s the company we’ve built. Now we’d love to see what you can build. If you’re applying, try n8n out - whether you’re technical or not - and share a screenshot of your first workflow with us. The easiest place to start is here: app.n8n.cloud/register.\n\nWe’re in a defining moment of an incredible journey. Come and build with us.\n\nDirector of Engineering – Enterprise\n\nYour main goal will be to scale and lead n8n’s enterprise and cloud-facing engineering teams. Driving faster delivery, higher quality, and stronger execution across our core enterprise features and n8n.cloud platform.\n\nTo do so, you’ll own a key part of our engineering organization, supporting multiple teams and leaders responsible for the systems that power enterprise readiness, reliability, and growth.\n\nBUILD AND SCALE HIGH-PERFORMING TEAMS\n\nLead and grow multiple engineering teams responsible for enterprise features like SSO, audit logging, observability, and the n8n cloud platform\n\nManage, coach, and develop Engineering Managers and senior ICs. Building a manager-of-managers structure over time\n\nDesign the organization, hire exceptional talent, and foster a high-performance, high-ownership culture\n\nDRIVE DELIVERY, QUALITY, AND RELIABILITY\n\nImprove engineering velocity, code quality, and operational excellence across teams\n\nOversee incident response, reliability standards, and production readiness for n8n cloud\n\nEnsure technical and managerial excellence, implementing scalable systems and processes\n\nLEAD STRATEGY AND CROSS-FUNCTIONAL EXECUTION\n\nCollaborate closely with Product, Infrastructure, and GTM to deliver impactful enterprise features and internal systems\n\nRepresent the Enterprise org within the broader engineering leadership team\n\nDrive adoption of best practices and outcome-oriented planning while aligning with company OKRs\n\nREQUIREMENTS\n\nMust-haves\n\nYou are kind, driven and align with our operating principles\n\nEngineering leadership at scale: You have several years of experience leading multiple engineering teams and directly managing Engineering Managers in a high-growth, high-performing environment, ideally within a complex, product-led SaaS organization.\n\nStrong technical depth: You can dive into architecture and operations discussions with senior ICs while staying focused on outcomes\n\nDelivery and quality mindset: You’ve built systems and processes that measurably improve velocity, reliability, and technical standards\n\nEnterprise SaaS experience: You’ve delivered and scaled enterprise-grade SaaS features such as SSO, RBAC, audit logging, and observability\n\nOperational excellence: You understand incident response, on-call processes, and running SaaS platforms in production\n\nCoaching and communication: You’re known for developing leaders, giving clear direction, and aligning teams toward shared goals\n\nLocation: Based in Berlin or within ±1 hour of Berlin time zone\n\nNice-to-haves\n\nHigh-growth SaaS experience: You’ve operated in a scaling B2B SaaS environment\n\nDeveloper tools & automation: Familiarity with developer platforms, low-code/no-code, or workflow automation products\n\nOpen source ethos: Experience with fair-code or open-source business models\n\nDistributed leadership: Comfortable leading teams across time zones\n\nPlatform excellence: Background in DevOps, platform engineering, or SRE\n\nCulture builder: You’ve influenced engineering culture, DEI, or hiring practices\n\nn8n is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.\n\nWe can sponsor visas to Germany; for any other country, you need to have existing right to work.\n\nOur company language is English.\n\nYou care about diversity and inclusion? We do too! Check out our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging initiatives at n8n (https://www.notion.so/n8n/Diversity-inclusion-and-belonging-n8n-c1bec2fff536422d868b1a438d990e35).\n\nLocation disclaimer: If you see multiple job postings for the same role, it is most likely because we're hiring remotely for this role and posting in different locations to make sure every potential candidate can see the role. Please apply to the location you're the most likely to work from in the future.\n\nBenefits\n\nCompetitive compensation – We offer fair and attractive pay.\n\nOwnership – Our core value is to “empower others,” and we mean it—you’ll get a slice of n8n with equity.\n\nWork/life balance – We work hard but ensure you have time to recharge:\n\nEurope: 30 days of vacation, plus public holidays wherever you are.\n\nUS: 15 vacation days, 8 sick days, plus public holidays wherever you are.\n\nHealth & wellness –\n\nEurope: We provide benefits according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: Comprehensive medical (PPO 1200), dental, and vision plans.\n\nFuture planning –\n\nEurope: We provide pension contributions according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: 401(k) retirement plan.\n\nFinancial security –\n\nEurope: We provide benefits according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: Short-term & long-term disability insurance, life & AD&D coverage, and additional hospital coverage.\n\nCareer growth – We hire rising stars who grow with us! You’ll get €1K (or equivalent) per year to spend on courses, books, events, or coaching to level up your skills.\n\nA passionate team – We love our product, and we prove it with regular hackathons where we see who can build the coolest thing with it!\n\nRemote-first – Our team works remotely across Europe, with regular off-sites for team bonding. Some roles, like sales in the US, are hybrid—please check the job description.\n\nGiving back – We're big fans of open source, and you'll get $100 per month to support projects you care about.\n\nAI enablement – We believe in working smarter—everyone gets an unlimited AI budget to explore and use the best tools to boost productivity and creativity.\n\nTransparency – We all know what everyone’s working on, how the company is doing—the whole shebang.\n\nAn ambitious but kind culture – People love working here—our eNPS for 2024 is 94!\n\n* Country-specific details are provided in your contract."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0074965855024d97","title":"Business Developer - French fluent","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"22 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0074965855024d97","description":"Wait a minute.\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom : feeling free to work remotely or hybrid and being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition : growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create something big\n\nImpact : contributing to transform people lives at scale\n\nAnd you deserve it because you are a Top Gun Business Developer who will attract, find and sell our training :\n\n- A networker at heart, already maintaining your own network and consistently identifying new opportunities .\n- You love spending your day on the phone, you are ready to make more than 10 intense calls a day.\n- Passionate about sales and influence, you love people deeply. You like to be interested in others and you know how to create a link very easily.\n- Ready to actively meet, know and listen to new people during online or in-person events. You are energized when you interact with people\n\nThis is a full-time position, carried out from the comfort of your living room (or wherever you want) or from our amazing offices in Paris, Dubaï or Lisbon, or soon Barcelona.\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nWe are convinced that people don’t want a job anymore!\nThey are thirsty for a project with meaning, either through entrepreneurship, or intrapreneurship\n\nBut…making it happen is quite hard without finding what truly inspires you and learning the soft skills you need to get there : productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management…\n\nThis is why we craft trainings & educational content to provide a set of tools and strategies centered around soft skills, self-growth and performance.\nWe deliver through apps, e-learning platforms, events and a strong social media presence.\n\nParadox has one goal: to help people and organizations live their true ambition\n\nThe challenge is that some people experience learning as boring, too hard, or on the contrary : for losers.\nYeah, we all experienced that boring teacher or stumble on this video with unsubstantiated/crazy theories\n\nIt needs to change!!\n\nSo we travel the world with learning designers, and researchers and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs ( Richard Branson, Marc Simoncini, Fred Mazzella ), top athletes (Mike Horn, Frank Leboeuf), artists (Gad Elmaleh, Barry Osborne, producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix)... to reverse engineer their strategies.\n\n️Our ambition is to make our trainings and coaching as attractive as watching Netflix and to make success the only option for our clients. (whatever success means for them)\n\nSo far, this approach has paid off and has enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to organize online events and training courses attended by thousands of people.\n\nBut we wanted more, so we created new brands with international ambitions.\n\nAnd with them we have 3 dreams :\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve 1 dream and stick their pictures on a wall we call the 100 000 dreams WALL\n\nHave Will Smith and Richard Branson in our next documentary\n\nReinvent Education & Create a badass platform to develop yourself\n\nAnd that's where you come in.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n -\n\nYour mission will be to generate new opportunities by identifying new students for trainings that we are proposing.\nWe are looking for a Top Gun Business Developer to join our Sales team.\nReporting to a Sales manager, you will be part of a top team of 6 to 10 people and your main responsibilities are:\n\n1- Attract, find and convince new students to join our trainings\n\nIdentify new students who will be successful in our trainings\n\nIdentify new leads by emailing people that could be interested by our training\n\nMake at least 1 to 3 sales every day\n\n2 - Source and be proactive to attract new students for the team and yourself\n\nOrganize Linkedin campaigns or email campaigns via Hubspot to set up meetings\n\nMake outbound calls on qualified leads : leads know us and are happy to talk with us !\n\nAnd you may have other ideas of identifying new students who could impact our business. We look forward to hearing about them.\n\n3 - Use the CRM as a way to be more productive and scalable for developing your Sales\n\nManage all your calls and meetings via Hubspot\n\nManage your own reports on Hubspot for leads that you are generating.\n\nEnsure strategic, personalized business reminders and follow up on ongoing leads on your CRM\n\nYou know or are ready to learn how to use the CRM as a way to be more effective and efficient, to give visibility to the team for the work that you are doing and mainly to identify opportunities.\n\n4 - Overcome objections with diligence and assertivity and escalate recurring objections\n\nBeing ready to listen 2 to 3 call records by week to improve your way of overcoming objections and selling\n\nParticipating and proposing 1 to 5 new ideas per month to improve our offers\n\n5 - Participate actively to Paradox’s in person and online events\n\nBeing ready to sell during events or webinars\n\nEnjoy, appreciate and meet participants during our physical events\n\nAssisting and animating minimum 2 webinars per months\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF ?\n\n-\n\nMust have :\n\nAutonomy & Leardership\nYou are organized and rigorous ! You know how to manage multiple priorities effectively.\nYou lead the way and get others on board. You organize and express ideas clearly and concisely. You make decisions and take responsibility for them and their consequences.\n\nKnowledge and curious about our market\nYou are aware or very interested in the personal development market, the coaching market, the entrepreneurship market or the Edtech market.\n\nSales efficiencies\n\nYou excel in sales. You know when to speak, when to listen and guide customers through their decision-making process. You are ready to be coached to become the best sales ever !\nAnd also you are passionate about Sales & Influence : you love to constantly train yourself to improve your sales, influence and negotiation skills.\n\nDigital understanding\nYou know how to complete a monitoring table perfectly or you have already managed and kept a CRM updated.You would be able to lead a digital project with a tech team.\n\nPersonality :\n\nDrive & Problem Solver : You’re ambitious, You work hard because you love it, you own things and get them done\n\nAnalytical Mind : you challenge your assumptions, able to quickly identify and formulate problems, and support your analysis with data\n\nGrowth over Ego : You are eager to learn, and receive hard feedback to grow. You let others speak and seek to understand their viewpoints.\n\nTeam Player : you love to work as a team, share and win together. ( Victory and Failure are “We” words )\n\nStrong Desire to create Woww\n\nAll the adjectives/nouns used are perfectly feminine! Moreover, the team is made up of 50% women.\n\nExperience\n\nMinimum of 2 years experience of selling.\n\nLanguage\n\nFrench : native\n\nEnglish: Fluent English, you can hold a conversation on specific details with English-speaking colleagues.\n\nOur chosen language for written communication is English.\nCurrently, 10% of the team is English-speaking, a % which will continue to grow.\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n\n-\n\nWe are inspired by a culture of performance and ambition. We have a very startup-oriented culture where everything is fast-paced and there is a lot of change. You won’t always be told what to do or how to do it\n\nWe tell each other things, even if they are uncomfortable. We value growth over ego. At Paradox, expressing disagreement to a manager and knowing how to debate is valued! We encourage critical and strategic thinking.\n\nIf all this makes sense with you, then we'll love working with you (and you with us, you'll be pampered!)\n\nWHY JOIN US\n\n-\n\nA work with Impact, Freedom and Ambition\n\nGrowth & Ambition\n\n -> Being surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood\n\n -> No more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your growth\n\n -> ️Being part of an ambitious company synonymous with opportunities for evolution!\n\nCompetitive Salary\n\nBut you don’t just want a competitive paycheck, you also want…\n\nImpact & Meaning\n\n-> Playing a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\n\n -> Waking up in the morning feeling like you are making a difference is something!\nWe receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a milestone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that's not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\nFreedom & Well Being\n\n -> A company culture based on autonomy & accountability\n\n -> Flexible working hours\n\n -> A remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\n\n -> Magnificent office in Dubai, Paris, Barcelona - it feels like home :)\n\n -> Standing desks paid by the company if you live far from our offices\n\n -> Work on Mac, for us it counts :)\n\n -> 350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself ( for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n\n -> Annual team building / Team retreats to get together - you receive your plane ticket to join us by the pool and have a good time together, or brainstorm the next crazy challenge.\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nAnd as Yannick, our community manager, says:\n\nTo make a long story short, Paradox is a growth adventure on steroids, an adventure where you grow personally, whilst helping others do the same.\n\nHOW TO APPLY\n\n-\n\nAny copy-pasted and non-personalized application goes directly to the trash can.\n\nTo complete the recruitment process, each candidate must organize calls with his or her previous managers. If you are not comfortable with this : do not apply\n\nIf all this sounds good to you, come and write the next chapter with us"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00e24903a00a59de","title":"Enterprise Sales Director","company":"Traackr","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00e24903a00a59de","description":"Traackr is a global SaaS technology company providing a data-driven influencer marketing platform that marketers use to optimize investments, streamline campaigns, and scale programs. Our customers range from some of the world’s largest companies in the beauty and personal care space to digitally native indie brands, which have all made influencer management and engagement a critical practice of their marketing and advertising programs. We are a remote-first company, and for the folks that like to meet in person, we have offices in San Francisco, New York, Boston, Paris, and London.\n\nAt Traackr, we’re lucky to have a team of kind, driven, and respectful humans from around the world. We operate on a culture of mutual respect, with core value pillars including:\n\n- Trust. We earn the trust of our team, customers, creators, and partners through transparency, predictability, and integrity.\n- Diversity. Bringing diverse perspectives to the table results in stronger outcomes. All are welcome.\n- Value. Through our words and actions, we strive to create tangible value for our customers and peers. We only succeed when our community succeeds.\n- Ownership. We lead with action. We take pride in solving the hardest challenges and feel accountable for our commitments.\n- Mutual success. We share goals with each other and with our clients. Alignment, collaboration, and empathy are the cornerstones of our success.\n\nOur team also loves having fun together, with many employee-led initiatives like the Traackr Summer Olympics annual workout challenge!\n\nThis Sales Director role is a new business “hunting” role, focused on EMEA enterprise prospects. This role is responsible for driving new business with large-scale brands, managing complex enterprise deals, and positioning Traackr as the go-to influencer marketing platform for enterprise organizations.\nResponsibilities\nEnterprise Sales Cycle Management – Own the full sales cycle for enterprise accounts, from lead generation to contract negotiation and close.\nSales Development Partnership – Build and implement a clear and organized outbound plan with the designated SDR. Mentoring the SDR.\nSolution Selling – Articulate Traackr’s value proposition to executive-level decision makers (CMOs, VPs of Marketing, Procurement). Demo prospects.\nPipeline Development – Build, manage, and forecast a robust pipeline of enterprise opportunities.\nCross-functional Collaboration – Work closely with Sales Engineers, Marketing, Customer Success, and Product teams to ensure customer satisfaction and align go-to-market strategies.\nMarket Insights – Act as the voice of the customer internally by sharing feedback on market trends, competitor positioning, and product needs.\nQualifications\nBachelor's Degree or equivalent professional experience required.\nStrong ability to develop and sustain senior-level customer relationships.\nExperience in a high-growth, acquisition-driven sales environment.\n5+ years of experience in SaaS sales.\nDetailed knowledge and hands-on experience with Salesforce.com.\nFamiliarity with marketing technology, influencer marketing, or social media platforms strongly preferred.\nStrong understanding of enterprise procurement, legal processes, and multi-stakeholder decision cycles.\nExceptional presentation, negotiation, and relationship-building skills.\nComfortable working cross-functionally and influencing internal teams to achieve goals.\nIndustry experience is preferred.\nBenefits\n\n• Competitive Salary\n• Remote Work Options with Hybrid Flexibility and Home Office Set-Up Stipend\n• Coworking Office Subscription for Collaborative Spaces\n• Comprehensive Health, Dental, and Life Insurance Coverage for You and Your Dependents*\n• Open Vacation Policy and Flexible Holiday Schedule to Suit Your Needs\n• Paid Parental Leave to Support Quality Time with Your Loved Ones\n• Career Development, including Internal and External Training Opportunities\n\n*Benefit programs vary by country/state of residency, are subject to eligibility requirements, and may be modified occasionally. Ask for more details about benefits in your specific region.\n\nThis position is 100% remote, with the understanding that occasional in-person attendance may be required for trainings, meetings, and team gatherings, as determined by your manager.\n\nTraackr employs individuals in multiple US states and countries. We use market benchmark data and geographic zones to determine our salary ranges. Your zone's specific pay range is dependent on your location. We encourage you to discuss your zone-specific pay range with your recruiter at Traackr for more details.\n\nPosting Statement\nTraackr is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other legally protected characteristics. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.\n\nUnsolicited resumes\nTraackr does not accept unsolicited resumes/CVs from headhunters or recruiting agencies sent directly to Traackr employees or through our website. Traackr will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company without a signed agreement with Traackr.\n\nPrivacy\nTraackr, Inc. has published a Privacy Notice, including CCAP for California and GDPR policies for its UK and European Union subsidiaries, accessible at https://www.traackr.com/privacy-policy.\n\nAll questions, comments, and requests regarding data processing at Traackr should be addressed to HR@traackr.com.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00f25b8c16df680b","title":"Sales Operations Analyst - CDD","company":"OpenClassrooms","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75004\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75004 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8601,\"longitude\":2.3507,\"streetAddress\":\"Cour de l'île Louviers,75004 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75004 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"22 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00f25b8c16df680b","description":"COMPANY OVERVIEW\n\nFounded in 2013 by Pierre Dubuc and Mathieu Nebra, OpenClassrooms is a mission-driven company with the ambition of making education and career opportunities accessible to everyone.\n\nThe school offers numerous open and free-access courses, along with accredited programs for in-demand professions such as tech, IT, data, pedagogy, marketing, and more—all delivered 100% online. OpenClassrooms uniquely creates and produces all its courses and educational content, relying on a distinctive model focused on practical learning through professional projects and guidance from mentors who are experts in their respective fields.\n\nFrom the beginning, OpenClassrooms' mission has been centered around impact: by incorporating it into the statutes since 2018 and subsequently obtaining B Corp certification in 2021—a recognition for companies balancing profits with social impact. OpenClassrooms is featured in the Next 40/120 ranking, but what we take the most pride in is having facilitated a renewed career trajectory for over 50,000 individuals in 2023.\n\nOur goal: to become a leader in solutions for apprenticeships and professional retraining.\n\nOpenClassrooms. Education that works.\n\nWORK ENVIRONMENT\n\nCDD / Fixed-term contract : 7 months\n\nDesired start date: 20th of October 2025\n\nLocation: France, with the possibility of full or partial remote work. In case of partial remote work, you can access our offices at Cours de l’île Louviers, 75004 Paris.\n\nYOUR MISSIONS :\n\nAs a Sales Operations Analyst you will play a critical role in supporting our sales performance analysis and improvement. You’ll report directly to the Sales Operations Lead and be responsible for analyzing sales data, identifying trends, managing operational processes and providing actionable insights to drive performance and efficiency. This role offers an exciting opportunity to work cross-functionally with sales, marketing, finance, data and other teams to support strategy and contribute to the overall growth of the company.\n\nDaily missions :\n\nSales Performance Analysis: Providing weekly and monthly sales reporting, pipeline analysis, and forecasting support, including ad hoc analysis related to performance.\n\nPricing Management and Analysis: Providing pricing for new paths, evaluating ad-hoc reviews across lines of business, creating and maintaining our calculators and path catalog updates in Salesforce.\n\nStrategic Commercial Dashboard Reporting: Creating, adapting and maintaining strategic dashboards used for day-by-day support for the commercial teams\n\nProcess and Tool Optimization: Identifying and implementing improvements to sales workflows and tools, including creating and maintaining guidelines for specific processes (such as discount delegation, forecasting, Sales Engagement tool, Aircall, etc)\n\nSales Enablement Support: Assisting the sales team with training on new tools and processes when required.\n\nTerritory and quota setting: Analyzing territory-level performance and support for the territory and quota setting exercises every quarter throughout our lines of business.\n\nSPIFF and challenges management and procurement: Management of challenge request pipeline, and procurement processes.\n\nStrategic Support and Coverage: Support other strategic initiatives and processes managed by the team, as well as coverage on vacation periods for other team members.\n\nYOUR FUTURE TEAM\n\nYou will be part of the Sales Operations Team, and will report to Alonso Diez Canseco, our Sales Operations Lead who is responsible for the business performance analysis and improvement.\n\nThe Sales Operations Team plays a pivotal role in shaping and executing the strategic direction of our organization. This small, dynamic and collaborative team is dedicated to driving efficiency, and overall excellence in alignment with the company's goals and vision.\n\nABOUT YOU\n\nStrong analytical skills with advanced proficiency in Excel/Google Sheets report structuring, data-logic and insight presentation (additional BI tools a plus).\n\nExperience with Salesforce Sales Cloud is required: production of reports, dashboards, understanding of Salesforce architecture.\n\nExcellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively across teams and levels of the organization.\n\nStrong organizational skills and detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while meeting deadlines.\n\nProactive mindset with a strong desire to drive continuous improvement and achieve results.\n\nLevel C1 minimum in both English and French.\n\nAt OpenClassrooms, we prioritize learning potential over a perfect alignment with every job criterion. We highly value qualities such as eagerness to learn, commitment, and the potential for growth. If you are motivated and confident in your ability to excel in the role, we enthusiastically encourage you to submit your application.\n\nOUR PERKS :\n\nRemote Work: OpenClassrooms is a \"remote-first\" company, meaning that remote work is the norm.\n\nAccess to OpenClassrooms’ offices: you have the option to work daily or occasionally at our offices in Paris.\n\nFor employees outside Île-de-France region: possibility to access coworking spaces occasionally (Worklib partnership).\n\nWork environment and culture: founded on the company's four core values: we care, we dare, we persist, we tell it as it is.\n\nComprehensive health insurance: fully covered by OpenClassrooms\n\nAccess to the moka.care app (mental health solution), including sessions with a psychologist, therapist, or coach fully covered by OpenClassrooms.\n\nSwile Restaurant Vouchers.\n\nTransportation reimbursement for the Île-de-France region: Navigo pass fully paid by OpenClassrooms.\n\n30 Paid Vacation Days per Year + RTT.\n\n5 \"Caretaker Days\" per year: provided to allow you to take care of your loved ones.\n\nCompany MacBook: provided for work purposes.\n\nAccess to OpenClassrooms’ training catalog.\n\nExclusive Discounts with UniDAYS: Access student deals on top brands like Apple, Nike, and more — no student status required\n\nHIRING PROCESS\n\nHR Prequalification (30 mins) with a member of the HR team\n\nManager Interview (1 hour) with Alonso (Sales Operations Lead), to delve into your professional background and achievements.\n\nPractical Case Study\n\nTeam Interview (45 mins) to evaluate your compatibility with our work environment and values.\n\nProfessional References: At the end of the process, we may request professional references if necessary.\n\nJoin our Team !\n\nIntrigued? Let's get to know each other! Apply today — we're looking forward to receiving your application!\n\nFeel free to check out our online course How do we work at OpenClassrooms to better understand our mission, culture, and team composition.\n\nOpenClassrooms' mission is to make education accessible to all. One of the obstacles to accessibility is the lack of diversity, creating cultural, economic, and social barriers to education and subsequent professional integration. As an employer, we are deeply committed to the diversity of our teams and equal opportunities. We believe that the diversity of our teams is an asset, allowing us to create the most inclusive culture possible. We encourage everyone to apply, regardless of gender, age, sexual orientation, ethnic and social origin, or disability. If you have a disability and there's anything we can do to facilitate your interview process, please let us know.\n\nOpenClassrooms is eligible for the French Tech visa program. This means that candidates of foreign origin can benefit from an accelerated procedure to apply for a \"Talent Passport\" residence permit. They can also benefit from a simplified \"Accompanying Family\" procedure to welcome their spouse and minor children. More information here.\n\nWorking at OpenClassrooms means joining a dynamic and stimulating team, taking on new challenges, meeting amazing people every week, and being a driver of innovation and education in France and around the world."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=02b8b3aadeb59507","title":"Technical Sales Engineer","company":"LaMotte Chemical Products Company","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":\"OFF-SITE\",\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=02b8b3aadeb59507","description":"Description:\n\nJob Title: Technical Sales Engineer\n\nLocation: Remote\n\nDepartment: Sales\n\nReports To: European Sales Director\n\n______________________________________________________________________________________\n\nPosition Summary:\n\nThe Technical Sales Engineer will manage direct sales to new accounts primarily for the Pool & Spa markets, with other assigned markets as needed. The position will report directly to LaMotte’s European Sales Director and will be based in France. The candidate will be required to support existing direct accounts in the region as a local technical resource, as well as grow the market by adding new strategic accounts, in alignment with the organizational strategy. This position requires a high technical aptitude and the ability to stay abreast of markets trends.\n\nJob Responsibilities:\n\n1. Grow the business of the direct accounts, as well as prospect for new business in accordance with the sales business strategy. Report updates against the strategy on a monthly basis.\n\n2. Provide technical assistance and understanding to new and existing customers through product training, application evaluations, technical support, and on-site troubleshooting.\n\n3. Actively seek direct technical training opportunities events / seminars with existing and new key clients\n\n4. Direct customer sales of LaMotte products for the Pool & Spa sector but also other specified industries for the LaMotte product range.\n\n5. Conduct customer visits both virtually and in person with regular follow-ups, quoting, relationship management and presentations of product offerings.\n\n6. Strategize, prospect and secure new business within the industry.\n\n7. Research competitive products and market trends, share the gathered information with the Product Management team, and provide suggestions for new features to be included in the future.\n\n8. Maintain working knowledge of LaMotte’s product lines.\n\n9. Work closely with the Marketing team to create and prepare marketing collateral.\n\n10. Efficiently manage the accounts, opportunities, and contacts.\n\n11. Provide forecasting for accounts in the region and update them on a quarterly basis.\n\n12. Maintain a professional attitude and appearance when representing the company.\n\n13. Periodic travel is required to existing accounts, prospect accounts and other industry events as necessary. Estimated travel is approximately 25-50%.\n\n14. Attend and be part of the exhibiting Sales Team at European Trade Exhibitions\n\n15. Upon request, visit and report on European Trade Exhibitions that LaMotte is not attending\n\n16. Develop and maintain strong business relationships with key players in the industry.\n\n17. Regular attendance and the ability to get along with others in a team environment.\n\n18. Ability to follow all safety policies and procedures.\n\nMiscellaneous:\n\n· Assists in other department activities as needed and performs other duties as assigned.\n\n· Complies with all Company policies (i.e. personnel, safety, etc.).\n\n· Located remotely with occasional travel to various locations required.\n\n· Performs other duties as assigned. (Such duties may or may not be essential functions of the job.)\n\nRequirements:\n\n Qualifications/Requirements:\n\n· Degree educated in a technical or business discipline is required\n\n· 3 – 5 years of sales related experience required\n\n· Strong business development and key account management skills\n\n· Troubleshooting skills with the ability to problem solve in a customer setting\n\n· CRM Experience preferred (Salesforce)\n\n· Ability to sell to major accounts\n\n· Additional Skills required\n\no Strong negotiating\n\no Critical thinking\n\no Strategic thinking\n\no Analytical skills\n\n· Exceptional verbal and written communication skills in both French and English, other languages would be advantageous\n\n· Excellent collaborator with strong interpersonal skills\n\nEnvironmental Factors & Physical Demands:\n\nWorks in a home office setting working on the computer or phone. No significant exertion required. Travels to both plants to interact with employees and managers and attend meetings. Travels to offsite training sessions/seminars, meetings, job fairs, and other locations as needed. Some international travel outside of EU may be required.\n\nAbout Us:\n\nLaMotte Company, a 100+ year-old global industry leader in developing and manufacturing premier water analysis solutions, operating in Newark, DE, Chestertown, MD and Warwick, UK. Our products are used around the world to accurately, quickly, and conveniently test water in a multitude of applications.\n\nLaMotte is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, sex, age, disability, military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local laws."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=039ce8cfbc109c24","title":"Chargé d'affaires / Courtier en financement indépendant (H/F)","company":"Chrome Advisor","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=039ce8cfbc109c24","description":"*Chrome Advisor* est un néo courtier 100% indépendant qui a pour mission d’accompagner les points de vente à augmenter leur chiffre d’affaires. Crée en 2019, *Chrome Advisor équipe les points de vente de solutions de financement* à proposer à leurs clients. Dès 500€ sans plafond maximum, *les clients ont accès à des solutions de crédit et de leasing (Auto, moto, bateau, camping-car, travaux...)*.\n\n*Le job :* créer un lien au sein de la plateforme en connectant les banques, les points de vente et leurs clients. Chrome Advisor vise principalement les TPE / PME et les indépendants pour leur permettre de proposer les mêmes solutions de financement et services que les grandes enseignes. En tant que courtier référent, vous serez le pilier financement au sein de l’équipe de vos points de vente et vous les accompagnerez à générer leur objectif de chiffre d'affaires financé.\n\n*Cible client BtoB :* Professionnels de la mobilité et de l'amélioration de l'habitat principalement.\n\n*Vos missions seront :* Traiter les leads entrants de nos différents canaux d’acquisition. Qualifier nos bases de données par plusieurs approches (phoning, mailing, réseaux …). Mettre en place des actions de prospection. Constituer un stock de leads qualifiés sur notre CRM. Structurer la génération de lead et le suivi sur le CRM. Veille sur les outils de prospection et réflexion sur de nouvelles techniques d’approche\n\n*Les avantages *: Une formation dès l'entrée et continue tout au long de votre parcours. Un poste en télétravail partiel et une zone de chalandise sur toute la France. Un poste avec un réel challenge et des responsabilités au sein d’une entreprise en pleine croissance et d’une équipe motivée\n\n*Profil recherché :* Une première expérience réussie en vente (one shot, phoning, prospection physique …) Un esprit de conquérant et une bonne résistance à l'échec. Vous êtes rigoureux.se et organisé.e. Vous avez un attrait pour les Fintech. Vous avez une capacité d’écoute et d’empathie pour détecter les besoins dès le premier contact\n\n*Formation : *Vous êtes un vendeur confirmé mais vous débutez ou souhaitez apprendre le métier de courtier en financement ? Une solide formation dispensée par notre formateur au métier de courtier vous permettra de maitriser toutes les ficelles du métier en quelques semaines\n\n*Rémunération : *40% des abonnements vendus (permettant des revenus récurrents) + 2% du montant financé sur vos dossiers.\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, Indépendant / freelance\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* commercial: 2 ans (Requis)\n* financement: 2 ans (Requis)\n\nLangue:\n* Français (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06872a21eed41676","title":"Senior Accounts Payable Manager","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06872a21eed41676","description":"We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Accounts Payable Manager to join our growing Finance team!\n\nDepartment Purpose\n\nThe Finance department provides services to the A&O Shearman network of offices covering management/ financial accounting & reporting, revenue control (including eBilling), credit control, accounts payable and tax.\n\nRole Purpose\n\nTo oversee and lead the operational service delivery of the Accounts Payable function, as well as lead and manage transformation, operational and change projects for the same space.\nThe overriding objective of this role is to ensure that high quality services are provided to both internal and external stakeholders on a timely basis. The role also involves continually striving to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the transactional processes and reporting systems.\n\nRole and Responsibilities\nProvide overall leadership to the AP team in Belfast comprising of 2 Managers, 4 Team Leads and a collective team of 30.\nSet strategic goals for each AP team supporting offices in the UK, Europe, Middle East and USA, that is aligned to the overarching firm wide Finance strategy.\nDevelop a high performance culture and motivate the Managers to embed a growth mindset throughout their teams.\nProactively manage team performance, addressing underperformance constructively and supporting continuous development\nAct as a trusted advisor to stakeholders, dealing directly with and influencing in country CFOs, procurement teams and external vendors.\nLead continuous improvement within the teams, and the meeting of appropriate performance and efficiency benchmarks to reduce operational cost.\nContinual assessment of the work within areas of responsibility, guiding managers to develop practical solutions to service improvement, enabling team to undertake value add activities.\nManage conflict/frustrations within the team with gravitas, facilitating discussion, conversation and resolution.\nAct as a point of escalation for internal managers, in country CFOs, and external vendors.\nEnsure adherence to internal policies and good practice across teams, cultivating a zero tolerance approach to SRA breaches.\nCreate a suite of AP metrics, both qualitative and quantitative, to indicate high performance/ performance gaps within the teams.\nOwn functional employee engagement and people management processes including career planning, training/certification, rewards recognition and talent management.\nResponsible for the growth of AP in Belfast to become a global function.\nLead all Belfast elements of the project initiatives in the Accounts Payable space, providing guidance to senior leadership as well as navigating the team through any subsequent change:\nLead the Belfast element of the global AP automation project to deliver an automated front end solution for the firm that removes the need for manual data entry.\nLead the Belfast element of the global expenses project that will review the current concur configuration and recommend improvements for optimising in the future.\nKey Requirements\nStrong Finance technical background with 10 years’ experience in a Finance role.\nMinimum 5 years’ experience leading a team within a finance department.\nExperience of working in a commercial and/ or support service environment.\nTrack record of leading/ managing projects.\nDemonstrates strong capability in leading change and driving successful change initiatives\nAwareness of the latest market trends in Accounts Payable.\nDemonstrable track record of successful interaction with senior leaders.\nExperience of managing via KPIs, SLAs and other performance metrics.\nAgility to manage strategically and act operationally during period of stability and change.\nExperience & awareness of working with stakeholders across differing countries and cultures.\nStrong analytical and methodical approach.\nDemonstrable experience of analysing problems and proposing solutions.\nGood numeracy and literacy skills.\nComputer literate with experience in Microsoft Office and complex finance systems.\nDegree in Accountancy or Finance related subject is desirable.\nFluent in a modern European language (other than English) is desirable.\nWhat we can offer you\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nWe recognise the value of flexible working and embrace hybrid working, allowing our people to work from home up to 40% of their working time. We do, however, remain committed to working together in person for the remaining 60% of time so that we can learn, grow and succeed together.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nIf this role is not of interest we may have another suitable opportunity here for you at A&O Shearman! Visit our careers portal at A&O Shearman Careers and submit your CV to our Talent Network to be notified when the perfect opportunity becomes available.\n\nAdditional information - External\n\nClose Date 15th October @ 5pm\n\nPlease note interviews will take place on 22nd and 23rd October 2025."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07cdb349a152d723","title":"Senior Product Designer - 100% Remote - EMEA","company":"Hostaway","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"20 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=07cdb349a152d723","description":"NOTE: This is a FULLY remote role, but the candidate must be within EMEA to collaborate with their team, peers, and internal customers. You do not have to be in the specific country or city shown in this listing, but please only apply if you are physically based within EMEA.\n\nHostaway is a SaaS scale-up that is transforming the vacation rental industry. With innovative solutions and partnerships with giants like Airbnb, VRBO, and Booking, we're taking on the competition and winning. Leveraging our customer-centric core values, we consistently deliver results that encourage growth, learning, and innovation for our team, our customers, and the industry.\n\nAs a profitable and growing company, this role is necessitated by our continued growth. Exciting Recent News! We’ve raised $550M in the past 18 months, bringing us closer to unicorn status! It’s an incredible time to join us! Learn More.\n\nAbout the role\n\nHostaway is a customer centric company with our clients at the heart of everything we do. Going into 2026 we are going to become design driven and supercharge our design thinking processes.\n\nAs a senior product designer, you lead projects from discovery through to delivery including data tracking and analysis after any feature or project goes live. You will be a champion of design thinking and design thinking principles and processes. You will collaborate closely with product management, designers, engineers, customer success, sales, marketing and stakeholders, while always representing the end user to deliver delightful and desirable impact driven solutions.\n\nYou will play a key role in shaping what the team delivers and how we deliver it while ensuring quality and consistency across all device types and screen sizes. You will build empathy with our users, understand their ways of working and what drives them. You will gather insights from many different areas and be able to create compelling stories clearly identifying user needs and product gaps.\n\nSuccess in this role requires a deep level of empathy through user research to identify user needs, being able to practically solve design challenges while crafting visually beautiful interfaces that users will love.\n\nWhat you’ll do\n\nLead the entire design process: From research and discovery through ideation, prototyping, testing, and delivery.\n\nUncover user needs: Use both qualitative and quantitative research to inform and guide your design choices.\n\nFacilitate team alignment: Organize workshops to generate ideas, focus the team, and drive decision-making.\n\nCreate impactful, user-centered designs: Develop solutions that balance business, user, and technical needs.\n\nDeliver polished outputs: Produce interactive mockups and prototypes, refining through user testing and feedback.\n\nThink system-wide: Collaborate cross-functionally, maintain the design system, and consider the broader product ecosystem.\n\n5+ years working in a product design role, ideally in a B2B/B2B SaaS environment\n\nDemonstrable experience designing for multiple devices and screen sizes, ensuring a seamless experience across platforms\n\nHighly proficient in all areas of the design thinking process\n\nStrong research, story telling, mapping and blueprinting skills\n\nStrong visual and interface skills\n\nHighly proficient in figma and it’s functionalities (especially autolayout)\n\nVibecoding experience is a plus\n\nBuilding deep empathy with our clients - you know what drives them, what they expect and how to create designs that will delight them and improve their workflows and efficiency\n\nCan handle more than one project at a time but knows how to self orientate and prioritise\n\nExperience working in agile environments\n\nWhat we offer\n\nCompetitive Compensation: We offer competitive pay based on market rates in the country of the applicant.\n\n100% Remote: Enjoy the freedom to work from anywhere within your country of residence—be it a co-working space, your home office, or even your dining room table. The choice is yours. Just don’t ask to work in our office (we don’t have one).\n\nEquity: Every role in our company comes with valuable stock options in a fast-growing and profitable company. This ensures we all share in the company’s success.\n\nValues-Driven Leadership: Our Core Values are not just words we’ve written to make us feel good. We leverage them daily when making strategic and tactical decisions.\n\nProfessional Growth: Our rapid growth offers unparalleled learning and development opportunities, along with a multitude of career advancement opportunities.\n\nAnnual Paid Leave: The specific amounts vary by country and are aligned with country and/or contract-specific norms.\n\nGeographic Specific Benefits: As an international employer, we offer different country-specific benefits such as Health Insurance and Pensions in countries where these perks are customary. The specifics depend on the country of the applicant.\n\nDynamic Team Culture: As a global company with team members in over 40 countries, our diverse and international culture fuels our innovation and creativity, providing a key pillar to our success (and making it a lot of fun to work here).\n\nThank you for your interest. If you apply for this role, you will receive an email from our Talent Acquisition team after your application has been reviewed alongside the qualifications for this role and the qualifications of others who have applied."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0ab46e973c6da3b3","title":"Lead Consultant, Digital CMC Services","company":"QbDVision, Inc.","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0ab46e973c6da3b3","description":"About The Role\n\nOur Professional Services team is looking for an experienced Consultant to join our fast-growing organization, supporting the Life Sciences industry and helping shape the future of digital solutions in the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) space.\n\nAs a leader in our Professional Services team, you will be responsible for establishing best practices, building tools and resources to ensure QbDVision’s and our customers’ success while ensuring seamless delivery and overall quality of projects, providing leadership for team members, and delivering operational excellence.\n\nWhat You'll Own\n\nActively contribute to building best practices for the growing Professional Services team, including operational processes and project management\nWork with customers and the Professional Services team to scope projects and contribute to Statements of Work\nProvide oversight and assist with project management for customer projects; overall responsibility for project quality and delivery\nEngage with customer stakeholders across various organizations to execute successful services projects and drive business outcomes\nProvide inputs on client needs and recommend solutions\nCapture and analyze business requirements, contribute to documentation, and prepare solutions appropriate to business use cases\nCollaborate with cross-functional teams across Product, Engineering, and Customer Success\n\nRequirements\n\nWhat You Need To Succeed\n\nBachelor’s degree in science, business, or equivalent working experience\n5+ years of direct experience with life sciences, software or consulting\n2+ years of experience with leading project execution and management\nStrong analytical and problem solving skills\nExperience working with global pharmaceutical companies\nCustomer-facing consulting experience capturing requirements, mapping processes, and presenting solutions\nManaged relationships with executive stakeholders\nSelf-starter and a team player\nAbility to travel up to 20%\n\nBenefits\n\nOur people-first focus: Every company decision is made with you in mind. From our unlimited PTO to flexible work hours, we do our best to prioritize our people by empowering them to work (and live!) in the way that best suits their needs.\nCulture of teaching and learning: Growth is the bedrock of success, so we strive for it at every opportunity.\nCompetitive compensation package: Keeping great talent means knowing someone’s value, and paying them for it. Our salaries, equity offerings, and bonuses reflect the A-players we hire.\nHealth Insurance, Disability, Insurance, and Mental Health Services: You can’t bring your best self to work if you’re not feeling well. Our wellness offerings will help you get back in the saddle in no time!\nHybrid Office Model: As a virtual company with teammates located around the world, you will have the option to work from home and/or to go into an office (if you are in one of our brick and mortar cities – Austin, Boston, and Dublin).\nStipends: We offer our full-timers various stipends to promote professional growth and allow for success in one’s role. Making you better makes us better!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0c866835615abc92","title":"Stage Phoning Commerciale","company":"Coinaute","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0c866835615abc92","description":"Stage Commercial\n\nTu souhaites découvrir le monde de la vente dans un environnement innovant et stimulant ?\nSEO Pango recherche un(e) stagiaire commercial(e) motivé(e) pour renforcer son équipe dynamique.\n\nTes missions :\n\n* Prospecter par téléphone et via des campagnes Walaxy\n* Qualifier et développer un portefeuille de leads B2B\n* Assurer le suivi et la mise à jour des contacts dans le CRM\n* Participer à des campagnes de growth marketing\n* Profiter d’un coaching sur-mesure par des experts SEO & business\n\nTon profil :\n\n* Étudiant(e) en commerce, marketing ou communication digitale\n* Aisance relationnelle et sens du contact\n* Dynamique, motivé(e), curieux(se) et rigoureux(se)\n* Intérêt marqué pour le digital, le SEO et le marketing en ligne\n\nCe que nous t’apportons :\n\n* Une expérience enrichissante dans un secteur en forte croissance\n* Un accompagnement quotidien pour booster tes compétences\n* Une montée en puissance sur les outils, méthodes et mindset business\n\nStage de 2 mois – 100% en télétravail\n\nType d'emploi : Stage\nDurée du contrat : 2 mois\n\n\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nPermis/certification:\n* Permis B (Optionnel)"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=10e5cabaea55f524","title":"Expert Crédit Sénior et Mentor H/F - Team Full remote","company":"Pretto","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"33 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=10e5cabaea55f524","description":"Qui sommes-nous chez Pretto ? \\uD83D\\uDC9A\n\nL’achat immobilier est l’un des moments les plus importants d’une vie. Mais c’est aussi une étape stressante et complexe, surtout quand il s’agit de trouver le prêt immobilier qui valide son projet.\n\nPretto, c’est la fintech qui rend simple, efficace et équitable la recherche de crédit immobilier.\n\nNotre secret sauce ?\n\n- Le meilleur simulateur du marché qui permet de savoir en 3 min si on peut acheter, combien et à quel taux,\n- Un expert dédié qui accompagne des premières recherches de bien jusqu’à la signature et négocie pour ses clients auprès des banques,\n- Une UX aux petits oignons pour supprimer la paperasse et suivre son projet depuis son canapé.\n\nLe résultat : des acheteurs qui obtiennent facilement leur prêt et découvrent la joie d’être propriétaire. Et ça, ça n’a pas de prix !\n\nDepuis 2017, Pretto c'est 150 000 clients conseillés, 1 Milliard € de prêt financés par an, une note de 4,9/5 sur Trustpilot, 200 collaborateurs entre Paris et Nantes, une récente série C de 40 Millions d’€... et ce n'est que le début !\n\n4 raisons de nous rejoindre ?\n- on a un vrai impact sur la vie de nos clients, c’est pourquoi on met toute notre énergie et notre exigence pour proposer la meilleure expérience à tous les niveaux\n- nos équipes sont engagées et aux profils très variés, on cultive la collaboration dans une atmosphère bienveillante et positive\n- on aide chacun à bien grandir avec des rituels de feedback ainsi qu’une formation continue via la Pretto Academy, notre super école de vente.\n- nous sommes labellisés B Corp : Pretto s’engage dans une démarche durable et responsable.\n\nPour aller plus loin, on vous présente sur notre site Inside Pretto tout ce qu’il faut savoir sur Pretto, ce qu’on y fait, pourquoi, comment on y travaille, grandit… et s’épanouit !\n\n Nous rejoindre en tant qu'Expert Crédit Sénior et Mentor chez Pretto\n\nL'entité Full-Remote de Pretto poursuit sa croissance rapide et pour accompagner cette dynamique, nous recherchons un(e) Expert Crédit Sénior / Mentor basé en France métropolitaine. Le poste mêle une forte contribution opérationnelle (4/5ème) et un temps dédié au mentorat d'une petite équipe junior (1/5ème). L'objectif affiché est d'évoluer sur un poste de Team Lead à moyen-terme mais il est aussi possible de rester sur un poste opérationnel.\n\nTon rôle\n\n- Convertir un fort volume de flux entrant très qualifié via notre simulateur\n- Gérer un portefeuille et générer 25% de son chiffre d'affaires via le parrainage\n- Accompagner les clients dans la construction de la meilleure solution de financement dans le cadre de leur projet immobilier et savoir les fidéliser\n- Négocier avec les banques\n- Contribuer à l'amélioration continuelle de nos outils et technologies au contact d'une équipe Tech/Produit de folie\n- Accompagner la progression opérationnelle et suivre les performances de 1 à 3 Experts Crédits\n\nTon profil\n\n- Tu as une expérience en Sales significative d'au moins 4/5 ans : tu te considères expert dans le développement commercial, idéalement sur du produit complexe\n- Si tu as de l'XP dans le courtage en crédit immo, ce sera bien évidemment un plus, mais ce n'est pas nécessairement un pré-requis !\n- Tu cherches une entreprise où il y a un fort volume d'activité à gérer, tu veux des journée qui filent à 100 à l'heure et beaucoup de clients à gérer en simultané !\n- Tu as une expérience significative en full-remote et tu sais maintenant que c'est comme ça que tu veux bosser (et pas autrement !)\n- Tu as déjà formé/mentoré/coaché des commerciaux apprenants et tu prends beaucoup de plaisir à le faire\n- Tu es avant tout drivé par une vraie soif de commerce : tu cherches à atteindre et dépasser des objectifs ambitieux\n- Tu cherches à devenir un manager engagé, qui inspire par l’exemple et crée un collectif soudé autour de lui\n- Tu es à l’aise avec les outils (CRM, solutions métier), et tu comprends que la tech est un levier fort de performance\n- Tu es rigoureux(se), structuré(e), avec un excellent relationnel et une communication irréprochable (écrite comme orale)\n\nRejoins la team Sales parce que :\n\nOn t’offre un accompagnement en interne avec les meilleurs standards (formation coaching, culture de l’entraide et transmission de bonnes pratiques)\nOn te propose un plan de carrière qui te permettra de grandir chez nous\nOn te propose un package avec un fixe à 33K€ accompagné d'un variable déplafonné basé sur tes performances\nLa culture du feedback : chez Pretto tout le monde a droit de donner son avis et proposer des solutions, c'est même recommandé !\n\nLes avantages à travailler chez Pretto\n\nUn package salarial avantageux : carte ticket restaurant Swile, mutuelle prise en charge à 50%\nDes primes attractives : vacances, cooptation pouvant aller jusqu'à 2000€, intéressement, naissance\nDes moments partagés entre collègues : onboarding avec ta promo, rituels d’équipe, offsite...\nPrise en charge de 4 séances/an sur moka.care\nUn parrain ou marraine référent(e) pour te permettre de t’intégrer et de t’épanouir chez Pretto\n\\uD83E\\uDD1D Notre processus de recrutement\nUn entretien d'une heure en visio avec Charles ou Lorane - Team Talent Acquisition\nPuis un entretien en visio avec Hélène, Head of Sales du bureau Full-remote, à la suite duquel nous te demanderons de nous communiquer une prise de référence\nUn dernier échange en visio avec Pierre, CEO de Pretto\nFélicitations, nous te rappelons pour te faire une offre \\uD83E\\uDD73\nBienvenue chez nous ! \\uD83C\\uDF89\nNous nous engageons pour l'égalité d'accès à l'emploi, l'inclusion et la diversité au sein des équipes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=122f46e2192ef55e","title":"Associate - Banking","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=122f46e2192ef55e","description":"We have an exciting opportunity for an Associate to join the Banking & Finance team in our Belfast office. We are keen to meet qualified lawyers with experience in banking and/or other commercial transactions.\n\nThis is a strategic role for an experienced solicitor who thrives in a collaborative, high-performance environment. You will lead teams, shape service delivery, and work closely with partners and senior stakeholders across our global network. You’ll be instrumental in driving quality, innovation, and efficiency in the delivery of legal services.\n\nIf you're keen to progress and take the next step in your legal career, this is an exceptional opportunity to grow within a dynamic, global team!\n\nWhat you will do\n\nIn this role you will work with a growing team of Legal Professionals and with offices across the global network on client matters supporting multiple practice groups. You will have a high level of interaction with their counterparts in other offices to enable you and your colleagues to operate as fully integrated members of matter teams. In the early stages of engagement this will include scoping and planning work and monitoring capacity. In this role you will also be expected to work independently, lead a team and be the first line of support for Legal Professionals.\n\nKey responsibilities:\n\nProvide legal expertise, including:\ndrafting, reviewing, and negotiating finance documents;\ntransaction management;\nlegal research; and\nmaintaining and improving templates and precedents.\nWork closely with partners, clients and instructing teams to scope instructions and deliver high-quality legal services.\nEstablish and maintain the highest standards for quality, efficiency, and service.\nIdentify and develop innovative service lines supporting practice groups and clients of strategic importance.\nSupervision and training of junior team members.\nParticipate in business development; to include client pitches and delivery of team business plan.\n\nWhat you will have\n\nQualified solicitor, barrister or Fellow of CILEX; 2 years’ post-qualification experience upward (or equivalent).\nStrong technical knowledge of banking and/or other commercial transactions.\nIntellectual curiosity and versatility.\nSelf-starter with the desire and ability to continuously acquire, build upon and share knowledge.\nStrong commercial/business acumen with the ability to deliver creative and pragmatic solutions .\nExcellent communication and interpersonal skills – a team player with the ability build strong relationships with. colleagues and stakeholders, both internal and external.\nConsistently demonstrate a professional manner with evidence of exceptional levels of judgement, commercial awareness, and critical thinking.\nStrong organisational skills with the ability to manage multiple deadlines.\nDetail-focused and self-motivated approach.\nMust show evidence of a high level of personal resilience coupled with an ambition to continuously challenge oneself.\nDemonstrate affinity with legal technology.\n\nWhat we can offer you\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\n We recognise the value of flexible working and embrace hybrid working, allowing our people to work from home up to 40% of their working time. We do, however, remain committed to working together in person for the remaining 60% of time so that we can learn, grow and succeed together.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=140ada14bd37ea3a","title":"Project Manager, Accounting | EMEA","company":"DEEL","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=140ada14bd37ea3a","description":"Who we are is what we do.\n\nDeel is the all-in-one payroll and HR platform for global teams. Our vision is to unlock global opportunity for every person, team, and business. Built for the way the world works today, Deel combines HRIS, payroll, compliance, benefits, performance, and equipment management into one seamless platform. With AI-powered tools and a fully owned payroll infrastructure, Deel supports every worker type in 150+ countries—helping businesses scale smarter, faster, and more compliantly.\n\nAmong the largest globally distributed companies in the world, our team of 6,000 spans more than 100 countries, speaks 74 languages, and brings a connected and dynamic culture that drives continuous learning and innovation for our customers.\n\nWhy should you be part of our success story?\n\nAs the fastest-growing Software as a Service (SaaS) company in history, Deel is transforming how global talent connects with world-class companies – breaking down borders that have traditionally limited both hiring and career opportunities. We're not just building software; we're creating the infrastructure for the future of work, enabling a more diverse and inclusive global economy. In 2024 alone, we paid $11.2 billion to workers in nearly 100 currencies and provided healthcare and benefits to workers in 109 countries—ensuring people get paid and protected, no matter where they are.\n\nOur momentum is reflected in our achievements and customer satisfaction: CNBC Disruptor 50, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Fast 500, and repeated recognition on Y Combinator’s top companies list – all while maintaining a 4.83 average rating from 15,000 reviews across G2, Trustpilot, Captera, Apple and Google.\n\nYour experience at Deel will be a career accelerator. At the forefront of the global work revolution, you'll tackle complex challenges that impact millions of people's working lives. With our momentum—backed by a $12 billion valuation and $1 B in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) in just over five years—you'll drive meaningful impact while building expertise that makes you a sought-after leader in the transformation of global work.\n\nThe Project Manager in Accounting Operations will work closely with the Head of Accounting Operations to ensure that multiple ongoing projects are moving forward on time, within scope, and with high quality — enabling us to strengthen internal controls, improve efficiency, and achieve a 7WD close target.\n\nYou’ll be the central point of coordination for accounting-related projects, ranging from process improvements and system integrations to automation and reporting enhancements.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nManage a portfolio of 20+ accounting and operations projects of varying sizes, ensuring timely progress and alignment with business priorities.\n\nDesign and implement scalable processes to reduce errors, close control gaps, and improve operational efficiency (e.g., automation, dashboards, standardized workflows).\n\nPartner with data, engineering, and product teams to design and deploy automated tools, dashboards, and reporting solutions.\n\nCollaborate with internal teams including Country Finance Managers (CFMs), Senior Finance Managers (SFMs), and other Accounting Ops team members to align on requirements and deliverables.\n\nOversee testing, validation, and implementation of new tools and processes, ensuring accuracy and reliability.\n\nMaintain project trackers, document processes, and communicate progress, blockers, and timelines to leadership.\n\nHelp prioritize initiatives based on business impact, balancing urgent fixes with long-term improvements.\n\nBuild a Looker dashboard to automate recurring global payroll cost reporting instead of relying on manual trackers.\n\nCreate a standardized process to capture and track acquisition-related accounting activities.\n\nImplement automated controls to prevent missed postings or reconciliation errors (e.g., Belgium internal controls upgrade).\n\nCollaborate with data and product teams to integrate accounting workflows with internal systems.\n\nQualifications\n\nBachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field.\n\n3+ years of experience in accounting or finance, with strong technical accounting knowledge.\n\nProven experience managing multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment.\n\nStrong skills in process design, system implementation, and automation.\n\nExcellent stakeholder management and communication skills.\n\nStrong analytical and problem-solving abilities.\n\nA proactive, solution-oriented mindset - you see inefficiencies as opportunities.\n\nAbility to translate complex accounting needs into scalable, tech-enabled solutions.\n\nComfort working in a global, distributed team environment.\n\nA balance of detail orientation and big-picture thinking.\n\nExperience working with BI tools (e.g., Looker, Tableau, Power BI).\n\nBackground in accounting operations for multinational companies.\n\nKnowledge of ERP systems and accounting automation tools.\n\nExperience with M&A accounting integrations.\n\nTotal Rewards\n\nOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.\n\nSome things you’ll enjoy\n\nStock grant opportunities dependent on your role, employment status and location\n\nAdditional perks and benefits based on your employment status and country\n\nThe flexibility of remote work, including optional WeWork access\n\nAt Deel, we’re an equal-opportunity employer that values diversity and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of race, religion, sex, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy or maternity or other applicable legally protected characteristics.\n\nUnless otherwise agreed, we will communicate with job applicants using Deel-specific emails, which include @deel.com and other acquired company emails like @payspace.com and @paygroup.com. You can view the most up-to-date job listings at Deel by visitingour careers page.\n\nDeel is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects different abilities, backgrounds, beliefs, experiences, identities and perspectives.\n\nDeel will provide accommodation on request throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process for applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation, please inform our Talent Acquisition Team at recruiting@deel.com of the nature of the accommodation that you may require, to ensure your equal participation.\n\nWe use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional processes. As part of the evaluation process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate-submitted applications. Certain features of the platform may qualify it as an Automated Employment Decision Tool (AEDT) under applicable regulations. For positions in New York City, our use of Covey complies with NYC Local Law 144.\n\nWe began using Covey Scout for Inbound on March 30, 2025.\n\nFor more information about our data protection practices, please visit our Privacy Policy. You can review the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here: https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=19886a646b331182","title":"Intranet Platform Owner","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=19886a646b331182","description":"We have an exciting opportunity for an Intranet Platform Owner to join our global Technology Department, based in the A&O Shearman Belfast office.\n\nThe core of the global technology department’s mission is to provide stable, reliable, and secure platforms and services to our partners, staff and clients and fulfil our regulatory obligations across 30+ countries. To ensure that a consistent and standardised IT service is delivered to all offices, IT is managed and led as a global function, enabling all offices to benefit from complete systems integration and economies of scale. We have around 400 technologists based predominantly in the UK, Singapore and increasingly in the US.\n\nWhat you will do\n\nReporting to the Head of Knowledge Technology Platforms, the role is responsible for overseeing the ongoing development and operational management of the A&O Shearman intranet. The role will chair the Intranet Governance Group, an executive-level strategic body composed of senior leaders and key business stakeholders from across the firm that provides strategic direction for the Intranet. The role is responsible for managing and motivating a virtual team of skilled IT professionals and directing external third-party service providers.\n\nThe role is accountable for ensuring the alignment of the A&O Shearman intranet with the strategic goals, digital transformation roadmap and operational priorities of the global firm.\nThe role-holder will work with teams and individuals to:\nDesign, develop, curate and build user-friendly but flexible solutions to store content and deliver requirements intuitively to our lawyers and business teams.\nDevelop and implement governance frameworks for content management, and AI usage within the intranet.\nDrive the adoption of AI capabilities (e.g., intelligent search, summarization, document classification) to enhance knowledge discovery and legal research.\nSupport a global network of intranet content owners and local champions and lead and co-ordinate their engagement and activities.\nEstablish and maintain best practice standards for intranet design, usability, accessibility, security and performance.\nSupport the governance and strategic rollout of Microsoft Viva Engage, ensuring alignment with organisational goals for employee engagement, collaboration, and knowledge sharing.\nAlign Viva Engage with the broader intranet strategy, identifying and leveraging synergies across the wider Microsoft technology stack to deliver a cohesive and scalable digital workplace experience.\nDevelop customer relationships with senior business leaders, fee earners, knowledge lawyers and business teams to manage the delivery of the intranet platform.\nSupport the Enterprise Architecture & Technology Platforms leadership team to collectively define, implement and operate the firm’s the intranet platform.\nAct as the focal point for matters related to the intranet platform, providing expert guidance to other teams when required.\nSupport service provider reviews to assess performance against service targets, drive innovation and ensure any remediation activities are being delivered.\n\nWhat you will have\nDirect or related experience in managing intranet or similar platforms preferably within the legal or professional services sector.\nKnowledge and understanding of intranet best practices, trends and standards, including user experience, information architecture, content management, search and social. In-depth knowledge of data quality, metadata management, and related disciplines.\nExpert knowledge of SharePoint Online, including features, functionality, configuration and integrations.\nFamiliarity with Microsoft Copilot, including its integration with Microsoft 365 and Power Platform. Knowledge of Copilot Studio for building custom agents and extending Copilot with enterprise data.\nUnderstanding of agentic AI—autonomous agents that perform tasks, make decisions, and adapt over time.\nKnowledge of IT strategic planning, design, and operations processes.\nStrong project management and problem-solving skills, with the ability to plan, prioritize and deliver on time and within budget.\nHigh attention to detail and quality, with the ability to ensure compliance with the firm's policies, procedures and brand guidelines.\nA passion for innovation and user-centric design, with the ability to identify and implement new ideas and solutions.\nAt least 5 years relevant experience.\n\nWhat we can offer you\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\n We recognise the value of flexible working and embrace hybrid working, allowing our people to work from home up to 40% of their working time. We do, however, remain committed to working together in person for the remaining 60% of time so that we can learn, grow and succeed together.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nIf this role is not of interest we may have another suitable opportunity here for you at A&O Shearman! Visit our careers portal at A&O Shearman Careers and submit your CV to our Talent Network to be notified when the perfect opportunity becomes available."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1c6d02e563661b11","title":"Sales Strategy & Planning manager EMEA","company":"n8n","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1c6d02e563661b11","description":"The AI orchestration of your wildest imagination.\n\nn8n is the open AI workflow orchestration platform built for the new era of AI. We give technical teams the freedom of code with the speed of no-code, so they can automate faster, smarter, and without limits. Backed by a fiercely inventive community and 500+ builder-approved integrations, we’re changing the way people bring systems together and scale ideas for impact.\n\nSince our founding in 2019, we’ve grown into a diverse team of over 160 - working across Europe and the US, connected by a shared builder spirit and with our centre of gravity in Berlin. Along the way, we’ve:\n\nCultivated a community of more than 650,000 active developers and builders\n\nEarned 145k+ GitHub stars, making us one of the world’s Top 40 most popular projects\n\nBeen ranked as one of Europe’s most promising privately held SaaS startups (4th in Sifted’s 2025 B2B SaaS Rising 100)\n\nRaised $240m to date, from Sequoia’s first German seed to our recent $180m Series C - bringing us to a $2.5bn valuation\n\nAnd are grateful for our 94 eNPS score (most companies would call 70 excellent)\n\nThat’s the company we’ve built. Now we’d love to see what you can build. If you’re applying, try n8n out - whether you’re technical or not - and share a screenshot of your first workflow with us. The easiest place to start is here: app.n8n.cloud/register.\n\nWe’re in a defining moment of an incredible journey. Come and build with us.\n\nConscious job titles may vary in certain companies, please be aware that this is an individual contributor role, reporting to the Head of revenue operations.\n\nYour main goal will be to enable scalable, data-driven GTM growth in EMEA by driving strategic planning, sales segmentation, and continuous process improvements.\n\nTo do so, you’ll partner closely with EMEA Sales leadership and the GTM Systems & Automation team to deliver data-driven insights, streamline operations, and execute initiatives that help the region hit ambitious growth targets.\n\nSTRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS\n\nPartner with the Head of EMEA Sales to develop regional sales strategies, quotas, and territory plans.\n\nAnalyze sales data to generate actionable insights and drive performance improvement.\n\nTranslate data into strategic recommendations that inform revenue targets and growth initiatives.\n\nFORECASTING & REGIONAL OPERATING CADENCE\n\nSupport accurate forecasting, pipeline management, and performance reviews across the EMEA region.\n\nParticipate in the regional operating cadence and ensure alignment with global RevOps processes.\n\nDesign and implement scalable reporting frameworks to track regional sales performance.\n\nPROCESS IMPROVEMENT & OPTIMIZATION\n\nContinuously improve sales and RevOps processes for efficiency, consistency, and scalability.\n\nCollaborate with the GTM Systems & Automation team to identify automation opportunities and implement best practices.\n\nLead initiatives to optimize tools, workflows, and enablement processes for regional teams.\n\nPROGRAM MANAGEMENT & CROSS-FUNCTIONAL INITIATIVES\n\nLead and coordinate cross-functional GTM initiatives that drive operational excellence.\n\nEnsure alignment across Sales, RevOps, Finance, and Systems teams on key projects.\n\nManage programs from concept to execution, ensuring deliverables are on time and measurable.\n\nREQUIREMENTS\nMust-haves\n\nRevenue Operations experience: You have 5+ years in Revenue Operations, Sales Operations, or GTM operations roles, ideally in B2B SaaS.\n\nEMEA expertise: You’ve supported EMEA sales teams or multinational GTM operations and understand the regional nuances.\n\nAnalytical mindset: You make data-driven decisions, leveraging analytics and forecasting to inform strategy.\n\nStakeholder collaboration: You build trusted partnerships with Sales, Finance, and cross-functional teams to deliver impactful outcomes.\n\nSystems proficiency: You’re comfortable with Salesforce (Admin level min.), Google Sheets, and automation tools like n8n.\n\nNice-to-haves\n\nData visualization skills: You can build dashboards or reports in Tableau, Looker, or Power BI.\n\nAutomation mindset: You’re passionate about using AI and automation to streamline RevOps workflows.\n\nTechnical depth: You have working knowledge of SQL or similar analytical tools.\n\nScale-up experience: You’ve operated in high-growth, fast-scaling B2B SaaS environments.\n\nWhy join us?\n\nAt n8n, your work will directly shape how we scale our revenue engine across EMEA. You’ll be the go-to strategic partner for Sales leadership, driving insights, efficiency, and automation in one of Europe’s fastest-growing startups. You’ll join a remote-first, collaborative team that values autonomy, experimentation, and continuous learning — all while building in a high-growth environment backed by Sequoia and Highland.\n\nSound like a challenge you’re excited to take on?\n\nApply now and help us scale the future of automation.\n\nn8n is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.\n\nWe can sponsor visas to Germany; for any other country, you need to have existing right to work.\n\nOur company language is English.\n\nYou care about diversity and inclusion? We do too! Check out our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging initiatives at n8n (https://www.notion.so/n8n/Diversity-inclusion-and-belonging-n8n-c1bec2fff536422d868b1a438d990e35).\n\nLocation disclaimer: If you see multiple job postings for the same role, it is most likely because we're hiring remotely for this role and posting in different locations to make sure every potential candidate can see the role. Please apply to the location you're the most likely to work from in the future.\n\nBenefits\n\nCompetitive compensation – We offer fair and attractive pay.\n\nOwnership – Our core value is to “empower others,” and we mean it—you’ll get a slice of n8n with equity.\n\nWork/life balance – We work hard but ensure you have time to recharge:\n\nEurope: 30 days of vacation, plus public holidays wherever you are.\n\nUS: 15 vacation days, 8 sick days, plus public holidays wherever you are.\n\nHealth & wellness –\n\nEurope: We provide benefits according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: Comprehensive medical (PPO 1200), dental, and vision plans.\n\nFuture planning –\n\nEurope: We provide pension contributions according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: 401(k) retirement plan.\n\nFinancial security –\n\nEurope: We provide benefits according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: Short-term & long-term disability insurance, life & AD&D coverage, and additional hospital coverage.\n\nCareer growth – We hire rising stars who grow with us! You’ll get €1K (or equivalent) per year to spend on courses, books, events, or coaching to level up your skills.\n\nA passionate team – We love our product, and we prove it with regular hackathons where we see who can build the coolest thing with it!\n\nRemote-first – Our team works remotely across Europe, with regular off-sites for team bonding. Some roles, like sales in the US, are hybrid—please check the job description.\n\nGiving back – We're big fans of open source, and you'll get $100 per month to support projects you care about.\n\nAI enablement – We believe in working smarter—everyone gets an unlimited AI budget to explore and use the best tools to boost productivity and creativity.\n\nTransparency – We all know what everyone’s working on, how the company is doing—the whole shebang.\n\nAn ambitious but kind culture – People love working here—our eNPS for 2024 is 94!\n\n* Country-specific details are provided in your contract."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d4d253c6de2cac8","title":"Sales Development Representative - B2B SaaS","company":"Corsearch","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75010\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75010 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8709,\"longitude\":2.3561,\"streetAddress\":\"212 Rue Saint-Maur,75010 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75010 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"24 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d4d253c6de2cac8","description":"At Corsearch, we are dedicated to creating a world where consumers can trust the choices they make.\n\nAs a global leader in Trademark and Brand Protection, we partner with businesses to safeguard their most valuable assets in an increasingly complex digital environment.\n\nOur comprehensive solutions, powered by AI-driven data and deep analytics, enable brands to establish, monitor, and protect their presence against infringement and counterfeiting.\n\nWhy Choose Corsearch?\n\nInnovative Solutions: We combine cutting-edge technology with expert judgment to deliver market-leading services in trademark clearance, brand protection, and anti-counterfeiting.\nGlobal Impact: Trusted by over 5,000 customers worldwide, including 73 of Fortune's Top 100 companies, our work has a meaningful impact on businesses and consumers alike.\nCollaborative Culture: With a team of over 1,900 professionals across multiple global offices, you'll be joining an inclusive environment where diverse perspectives thrive.\nMission-Driven Purpose: Our commitment to protecting consumers and their trust in brands drives everything we do, making Corsearch a force for good in the world.\n\nThe Role\n\nAs we continue to grow, we're looking to speak to talented and ambitious Sales Development Representatives to join our team!\n\nAs an SDR, you'll be at the forefront of our sales efforts, connecting with potential clients, understanding their needs, and paving the way for our organisation's continued success\n\nResponsibilities and Duties\n\nAcquire a thorough knowledge of the Corsearch Brand Protection offering\nFamiliarize yourself with the threats and criminal activity that occurs via counterfeit activity\nAcquire skills that will allow you to conduct research on companies to determine if they need a brand protection program\nGather and prospect leads independently, undertaking research on key decision makers and calling & emailing them to ascertain need and interest\nUtilize Prospecting tools such as Salesloft and Salesforce in outbound efforts.\nQualify interest and leads to schedule appointments and demonstrations for Sales Executives.\nGenerate fresh leads through creative social selling\nCapitalize on warm leads by liaising closely with Sales and Marketing\nBuild and manage your own pipeline of leads\nProactively contribute to campaign ideas, suggestions, and execution\nShadow and participate in early-stage meetings with Sales Executives with a view to your progression\n\nEssential\n\nProactive B2B sales experience, including prospecting, lead generation, and cold calling, in the software / SaaS / IT sector.\nFluent in English and French\nGood knowledge of CRM and prospecting platforms such as SalesLoft, Zoominfo, Linkedin Sales Navigator, and others.\nSelf-motivated with the ability to priorities, meet deadlines, and manage changing priorities;\nProven ability to be flexible and work hard, both independently and in a team environment;\nGood analytical and problem-solving skills with keen attention to detail;\nCollaborative approach and willingness to compromise to find solutions;\nA results oriented individual who thrives working in a fast-paced environment and maintains a calm approach and sound judgement when operating under pressure;\nGood interpersonal, facilitative and negotiation skills;\nHighest levels of integrity and ability to handle sensitive/confidential information appropriately;\nWillingness to be flexible regarding working hours and business processes.\n\nDesired\n\nEducated to degree level\nExperience working Remote\nPossess exceptional communication and interpersonal skills\nSelf-motivated, with a strong desire to succeed\nPositive attitude with an excellent work ethic\nTenacious, a quick learner and team player\nInterested in global business and current affair\nEnterprise experience\n\nCorsearch is an equal opportunity and inclusive employer and does not tolerate discrimination of any kind. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace where all employees feel valued, respected, and supported.\n\nWe welcome applications from all individuals regardless of race, nationality, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, criminal histories consistent with legal requirements or any other protected characteristic.\n\nTogether, we are working proactively to build a workplace where everyone can belong and be at their best selves. Together, we make an Impact."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1dc922549daaea8f","title":"International Sourcing Manager","company":"Hubcycle","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1dc922549daaea8f","description":"30% of global agricultural raw materials end up as wasted resources. In other words, 6% of our global carbon emissions are generated for nothing. That’s it. At Hubcycle, we are at war against that. We turn industrial waste into sexy B2B ingredients to make our food system more sober. We reinvent the industrial value chain by creating ingredients 100% made from unused resources. We purchase side-streams (byproducts) and turn them into competitive ingredients that we sell, with no compromise on quality.\n\nSide-streams - typical examples :\nCocoa shells, Black pepper skins, deoiled / spent spices are obvious ones. But you might be curious to know how we have found coriander seeds and even saffron as a waste of some industries too. Wasting them is nonsense, and we need you to help us.\n\nDescription du poste\n\nYour role\n\nIncrease business velocity by ensuring rapid and stable access to strategic lateral flow repositories. This position requires knowledge of industrial processes, food engineering, manufacturing best practices, and natural abilities in B2B strategy. You will focus on the early stages of our supplier lifecycle, more specifically, mapping, prioritizing and sampling products. Being the first point of contact with suppliers, you must also perfectly position Hubcycle for future collaboration, while maintaining a down-to-earth approach with your industry suppliers. Thus, the position includes mastering the negotiation process such as positioning, closing and B2B user experience in complex environments. Particular attention to suppliers constraints will allow you to achieve your objectives. This position involves great dedication to problem solving and excellent working relationships.\n\nThe job\n\nYou carry out the mission of International Sourcing Manager, and report to the Head of Sourcing and the Global Ctegory Manager of your portfolio.\n\nYour position requires being in constant communication with all of the company's teams to guarantee customer satisfaction and the achievement of objectives.\n\nAs an expert, you build loyalty and develop your supplier portfolio, you ensure the quality of deliverables and the development of your product portfolio.\n\nTasks and duties\n\nSourcing\n\nDevelop new supply chains for categories (new and existing) that will create a minimum of €100k of business.\nSuggest new partners that will match the selected finished product categories.\nRespond to new exploratory requests in real time and complete the Deposit List for each new candidate.\nOptimize sourcing procedures to achieve maximum efficiency.\nActively participate in the construction of the procurement strategy and execute it within your scope.\nEnsure cooperation of parties involved to secure agreement on terms and procedures, maintaining long-term relationships with suppliers.\nMonitor supplier performance.\n\nOperational\n\nUse and enrich the CRM for all communication and file processing : digitalized approach.\nLeverage existing tools to reach prospects/vendors and obtain inbound data to track.\nParticipate in training and seek opportunities to improve operations.\nEstablish strong and fluid internal collaboration with each department.\nMaintain excellence in the prospect/supplier relationship and be a force for proposing “best practices” in this area.\nProfil recherché\n\nPrerequisites\n\nYou like challenges and aim high!\nYou have at least 7 years of experience in sourcing vegetal raw materials.\nYou have a solid knowledge of the food industry & its practices, but also of industrial processes.\nYou are known for your interpersonal and customer service skills, even in highly stressful situations.\nLone Wolf and Team Player, you know how to work independently while still contributing to team efforts.\nFrench or English, no problem for you. We can switch languages easily in both personal and professional environments.\nYou have experience sourcing food ingredients, flavors, colors and extracts. Education in agronomy is an important asset.\nTechnical knowledge is essential.\nYou embody HUBCYCLE values : Boldness / High Performances / Pragmatism / Collaboration.\n\nSalary and conditions\n\nPermanent Contrat (CDI) - Full time\nPreferred location : Remote can be consider if relevant for the business\nSalary : Quality comes at a price, we know it. Salary will depend on location, profile & experience + Bonus\nStarting : ASAP\n\nRecruitment process\n\nHR Interview with Recruiter\nManager Interview\nFinal interview with General Director and Founder.\nFeel the vibe In-House by meeting the Team in Avignon."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1fe15e22bd214c54","title":"Senior Financial Analyst","company":"Extreme Networks","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1fe15e22bd214c54","description":"Over 50,000 customers globally trust our end-to-end, cloud-driven networking solutions. They rely on our top-rated services and support to accelerate their digital transformation efforts and deliver unprecedented progress. With double-digit growth year over year, no provider is better positioned to deliver scalable outcomes than Extreme.\n\nInclusion is one of our core values and in our DNA. We are committed to fostering an inclusive workplace that embraces our differences and creates an atmosphere where all our employees thrive because of their differences, not in spite of them.\n\nBecome part of Something big with Extreme! As a global networking leader, learn why there’s no better time to join the Extreme team.\n\nAbout Us\nWe’re a fast-growing SaaS company focused on delivering innovative cloud-based solutions that empower businesses to work smarter. Our culture is collaborative, data-driven, and results-oriented. We are looking for a highly analytical and business-savvy Senior Financial Analyst to join our dynamic Finance team.\n\nJob Summary\nAs a Senior Financial Analyst, you will play a critical role in financial planning, forecasting, and strategic decision-making across the Services organization. You will partner with cross-functional teams to provide insights that drive revenue growth, improve operational efficiency, and support key business initiatives.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n· Serve as a strategic business partner to department leaders, helping them understand financial implications of their initiatives and providing actionable recommendations.\n· Lead the development of monthly and quarterly financial forecasts, budgets, and long-range plans.\n· Participate in cross-functional planning meetings and provide financial insights to support decision-making.\n· Translate complex financial data into clear, concise insights for non-financial stakeholders.\n· Develop dashboards and KPIs to track financial and operational performance.\n· Prepare detailed monthly and quarterly financial reports and present findings to senior leadership.\n· Identify opportunities for cost optimization and operational improvements across departments.\n· Conduct scenario and sensitivity analyses to support strategic decisions.\n· Continuously improve FP&A processes, tools, and systems.\n\nQualifications\n· Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field; MBA or CFA preferred.\n· 2+ years of experience in financial planning & analysis, preferably within a SaaS or tech company.\n· Strong understanding of SaaS metrics and business models.\n· Advanced Excel and financial modeling skills; experience with financial planning software (e.g., Adaptive Insights, Anaplan, or similar) is a plus.\n· Proficiency with BI tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI).\n· Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills.\n· Proven ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities.\n\nWhy Join Us\n· Competitive compensation and equity package\n· Flexible working hours and remote-friendly culture\n· Generous PTO and parental leave policies\n· Comprehensive health, dental, and vision benefits\n· A collaborative, inclusive, and mission-driven team\nExtreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) creates effortless networking experiences that enable all of us to advance. We push the boundaries of technology leveraging the powers of machine learning, artificial intelligence, analytics, and automation. Over 50,000 customers globally trust our end-to-end, cloud-driven networking solutions and rely on our top-rated services and support to accelerate their digital transformation efforts and deliver progress like never before. For more information, visit Extreme's website or follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook.\n\nWe encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. Come Advance with us! In keeping with our values, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination/harassment based on “protected categories,” Extreme Networks also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our organization. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at Extreme Networks."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=206cfc75947395b2","title":"CRM Manager H/F","company":"N2JSOFT","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=206cfc75947395b2","description":"*Qui sommes nous ?*\n\nN2JSoft est une Fintech Saas B2B dans l’expense management. Avec plus de 18 000 clients et 800 000 utilisateurs, dans 82 pays, notre produit fait partie des leaders du marché en France.\n\nGrâce à une équipe - de bonne humeur avant tout - qui place l'Homme au centre de ses préoccupations nous partageons le projet commun de devenir le leader européen de la gestion des notes de frais.\n\nAu sein de l’équipe Marketing, tu seras le ou la *CRM Manager.* Ton rôle sera clé pour structurer, fiabiliser et optimiser nos campagnes de génération de leads grâce aux datas, à l’automatisation et à la performance des process marketing. Tu contribueras directement à la croissance en permettant aux équipes marketing et sales d’opérer plus efficacement.\n\n*Tes missions* :\n\n* Gérer, optimiser et faire évoluer notre stack marketing (HubSpot, CRM, Zapier, outils de tracking, plateformes d’analytics, intégrations API, etc.)\n* Mettre en place des dashboards clairs et actionnables pour piloter la performance marketing et partager la data avec les équipes Sales/Management,\n* Importer, structurer, nettoyer et enrichir les bases de données prospects/clients afin de garantir leur qualité et leur exploitation optimale,\n* Assurer le ciblage précis et l’exécution fluide des campagnes marketing (emailing, nurturing, ABM…),\n* Analyser les résultats des campagnes, proposer des optimisations et partager des recommandations actionnables,\n* Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes Growth, Sales et Produit pour fluidifier les process et garantir l’alignement marketing/sales,\n* Être force de proposition et suffisamment autonome pour identifier, prioriser et mettre en place des optimisations (automatisations, intégrations, best practices).\n\n*Ce qu’on recherche :*\n\n* Première expérience réussie en Marketing Ops / Data Marketing / Growth Ops, idéalement dans un environnement B2B SaaS,\n* Bonne maîtrise d’un CRM et d’une plateforme de marketing automation (HubSpot est un plus),\n* Connaissance ou expérience de plusieurs outils de la stack Marketing/CRM (Zapier, outils de tracking & reporting, intégrations API, etc.),\n* Compétences solides en analyse et gestion de données (Excel, Google Data Studio ; SQL est un plus),\n* Bon niveau technique : HTML/CSS, notions de bases de données, gestion d’API, intégrations entre outils,\n* Rigueur, sens du détail et véritable culture de la donnée fiable,\n* Autonomie, proactivité et envie d’expérimenter pour améliorer en continu l’efficacité opérationnelle,\n* Bon niveau d’anglais écrit et oral (l’espagnol, l’italien ou l’allemand sont un plus).\n\n*Pourquoi nous rejoindre ?*\n\nEn plus de rejoindre une équipe jeune et dynamique avec une ambiance start up notre spécificité est notre fort développement.\n\n*Chez N2JSoft tu pourras bénéficier de* :\n\n* Une prime de vacances,\n* Des chèques cadeau à Noël,\n* Des chèques de rentrée scolaire (si tu as des enfants),\n* Un chèque culture,\n* Des cours de musique,\n* Des événements tout au long de l’année.\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\nStatut : Cadre\n\n\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=243252273a3bc2f2","title":"SDR Freelance : Setting Saas B2B","company":"Growth Hackerz","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=243252273a3bc2f2","description":"*À propos du poste*\nTu souhaites travailler sur des projets tech innovants dans un environnement en pleine croissance ? Tu veux contribuer activement à l’accélération commerciale d’outils digitaux performants ?\n\nChez *Growth Hackerz*, nous te proposons d’intégrer une équipe passionnée en tant qu’un(e) SDR freelance motivé(e), capable donc de mener à bien des missions de prospection en BtoB dans une ambiance agile et dynamique.\n\n*Growth Hackerz* accompagne de nombreuses entreprises *SaaS* dans le développement de leur pipeline commercial grâce à des stratégies de prospection multicanales sur-mesure.\n\n_*Les missions proposées :*_\n\nEn tant que SDR, tu seras principalement chargé(e) de la prospection commerciale et du suivi des opportunités afin de conclure de nouveaux partenariats avec des entreprises intéressées par nos services.\n\n* Prospection Téléphonique des éditeurs de logiciels B2B à forte valeur ajoutée\n* Identifier les décideurs (CTO, CMO, CEO) et comprendre leurs enjeux business\n* Gestion du processus de vente et suivi régulier des prospects\n* Travailler étroitement avec les équipes marketing et commerciales pour optimiser les leads et améliorer les stratégies de vente\n* Reporting des résultats des campagnes de prospection\n\n_*Compétences requises :*_\n\n* Excellente capacité de communication et de persuasion, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit.\n* Expérience réussie en vente BtoB ou en prospection commerciale.\n* Capacité à travailler de manière autonome et à gérer son temps efficacement.\n* Connaissance des outils CRM (hubspot) et Notion\n\n_*Profil recherché :*_\n\n* Expérience préalable dans une fonction similaire (des solutions SaaS) (1-2 ans).\n* Excellente compréhension du cycle de vente BtoB et des stratégies Inbound et Outbound Marketing *des solutions SaaS*.\n* Maîtrise du Français\n* Autonome, proactif(ve) et orienté(e) résultats\n* Tu es à l’aise avec les outils d'automatisation (type Apollo, Lemlist, PhantomBuster)\n\n*Disponibilité : ASAP (as soon as possible).*\n\n*Type d'emploi :* Freelance.\n\n*Durée :* à déterminer selon les missions\n\n*Jour de travail *: tous les après midi sauf le vendredi soit 4 demi-journées par semaine.\n\n*Rémunération :* *1500€ - 3500€/Brut en fonction du contrat + performances par mois*\n\n*Lieu de Travail :* Hybride\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, Temps partiel\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection :\n\n* Avez-vous une connaissance du logiciel Hubspot et de Notion ?\n\nExpérience:\n\n* Setting BtoB : 2 ans (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail hybride\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 1 500,00€ à 3 500,00€ par mois\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Commercial B to B H/F: 2 ans (Optionnel)\n\nPermis/certification:\n* Permis B (Optionnel)\n\nDisposition à l'égard des déplacements professionnels:\n* 25 % (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=243dd94b4d6cd932","title":"Senior Software Engineer - Dev Tools Team","company":"Prismic","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=243dd94b4d6cd932","description":"Work from anywhere in Europe!\n\nHello. We're Prismic.\nAt Prismic, we believe the future is all about autonomous websites & hyper-personalised user journeys. Our mission is clear: enable marketers & engineers to shape highly empathic web journeys at scale.\nTo this end, we are pioneering the use of AI to enhance collaboration between marketers and engineers, equipping them with powerful tools to build those highly personalised user experiences & lead the industry towards the era of autonomous websites.\n\nRole\n\nAs Prismic scales, our commitment to technical excellence and innovation grows stronger. We're looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Dev Tools team and help build the next generation of developer experience at Prismic.\n\nThis job description is for the Senior Software Engineer - Dev Tools Team role.\nIf you’re more interested in marketer-facing products, check out our Senior Software Engineer - Marketing Tools.\nIf you want to work on platform scale and architecture, see our Senior Software Engineer – Platform.\n\nWhat you will be doing?\n\n-Build MCP server tools that remove boilerplate and let developers focus on what they love, building websites, not low-level, CMS specific code.\n-Create a GitHub integration that uses AI to suggest and implement code changes automatically, speeding up workflows.\n-Elevate Prismic modelling with new field types to unlock richer, more composable website architectures.\n-Reimagine how developers work with content by enabling branching inside Prismic, giving teams a Git-like workflow for custom types and content.\n\nTechnologies and tools:\n-Typescript (NodeJS)\n-AWS\n-SST\n-Serverless architecture\n-PostgreSQL\n-LangGraph\n-Playwright\n-Github Actions\n-React\n-Cursor / Claude Code\n\nAre you the one?\n\nIdeally, you:\n-Build and maintain robust backend systems, and you care as much about the developer experience as the API design.\n-Have worked on SDKs, frameworks, or platforms where DX is a first-class concern.\n-Understand software modelling: schemas, validation, migrations, and how to evolve systems without breaking user workflows.\n-Have experience integrating AI into developer workflows, or being excited by the idea of GitHub bots and automated code assistance.\n-Care about quality engineering practices: testing, observability, and shipping code that others can extend safely.\n-Approach problems from the developer’s perspective: you’ve felt the pain of bad abstractions, and you design to remove friction.\n-Are pragmatic: you know how to re-architect fundamentals while still delivering incremental value.\n-Contribute across the stack, backend first, but willing to work on UIs or tooling when it makes the development workflow smoother.\n-Mentor peers through design reviews, pairing, and sharing knowledge openly.\n\nBonus points:\n-Contributions to open-source developer tools or frameworks.\n-Experience with AI tools that assist developers in coding.\n\nIf you don’t tick all the boxes, no worries, we still encourage you to apply! At Prismic, we’re committed to embracing diverse profiles. We will understand what you can bring to the table, and fit your skills into our teams.\n\nWhat are the perks?\n\n- Firstly, we are hiring across Europe, and this is a remote position.\n- Macbook: get top-notch tech to work with\n- Home office budget: set up your ideal workspace\n- International share-out, an opportunity to discuss current affairs and compare life in your respective countries, and escape from your usual bubble. Sessions are led by a public speaking expert\n- Yoga classes: online and onsite, 3x a week\n- Yearly company gatherings to take a break from the routine and give you the chance to meet the international teams!\n(also, other benefits that may depend on the country you’re based in)\n\nAfraid of missing out if you’re remote? Worry not!\n\n- You get the chance to visit us from time to time and spend a few days at the Paris office\n- We organize virtual events to stay connected with each other\n- We also hold regular global meetings\n- We do our best to nurture a relaxed and informal atmosphere, enabling you to feel supported, thrive at your job, and keep learning.\n- Ready to join an innovative team and make a significant impact?\n\nApply now to become a Software Engineer at Prismic and help us shape the future of web development.\nWe can't wait to see what you'll bring to our team!\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=260d6f99a29940ae","title":"Knowhow & LMS Platform Owner","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=260d6f99a29940ae","description":"We are currently recruiting for a Knowhow & LMS Platform Owner to join our London office.\n\nDEPARTMENT PURPOSE\nThe core of the global technology department’s mission is to provide stable, reliable, and secure platforms and services to our partners, staff and clients and fulfil our regulatory obligations across 30+ countries. To ensure that a consistent and standardised IT service is delivered to all offices, IT is managed and led as a global function, enabling all offices to benefit from complete systems integration and economies of scale. We have around 400 technologists based predominantly in the UK, Singapore and increasingly in the US.\n\nEnterprise Architecture and Technology Platforms\nTo develop and maintain the firm’s technology strategy and enterprise architecture. In parallel, own, improve and simplify the firm’s key technology ‘building blocks’ by designing, building and managing the core technology platforms which are fundamental to delivering strategic business goals.\n\nROLE PURPOSE\nReporting to the Head of Knowledge Technology Platforms, the Knowhow & LMS Platform Owner is responsible for the operational management, development, and strategic direction of our global Legal Know How and Learning Management solutions. The role is responsible for managing and motivating a matrix team of skilled IT professionals and directing external third-party service providers.\n\nThe role will lead the design and delivery of the next generation of legal knowledge and learning solutions for A&O Shearman, ensuring a seamless migration from legacy platforms to a modern, AI-enabled knowledge ecosystem that allows lawyers across the whole firm seamless access to legal knowledge in the flow of work.\n\nBy leveraging data-driven insights and embracing new technologies, you’ll champion the continuous improvement of our Legal Knowhow solutions, empowering lawyers globally to excel in their roles.\n\nROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES\nTake ownership of the product strategy and roadmap for knowhow and learning solutions, ensuring execution and alignment with strategic objectives of the department and the wider firm. Act as primary point of contact for business users for knowhow and learning systems.\nLead the design and delivery of the next generation of legal knowledge and learning solutions for A&O Shearman, ensuring a seamless migration from legacy platforms to a modern, AI-enabled ecosystem.\nAct as the strategic bridge between business leaders, legal professionals, technical teams, and vendors to shape requirements, address pain points, and communicate a clear product vision.\nPartner with cross-functional teams and the global knowledge community to identify opportunities to extend and improve our knowledge solutions and to anticipate evolving needs, identify innovation opportunities, and embed cutting-edge capabilities into our platforms.\nDefine and manage product roadmaps across multiple workstreams, driving adoption of AI features such as intelligent search, summarization, and automated classification to enhance knowledge discovery and legal research.\nAct as the subject matter expert for knowledge and learning platforms, providing strategic guidance and thought leadership.\nCultivate and maintain strong relationships with Partners, Global Heads of Knowledge and Global Heads of Innovation to ensure alignment with business priorities and deliver measurable value.\nWork with stakeholders across the firm to enable a more streamlined and simplified technology landscape ensuring user experience, accessibility and security is at the core of everything that we do.\nLead and motivate a matrix team of skilled IT professionals and third-party service providers, ensuring delivery excellence and continuous improvement.\nStay ahead of market trends and emerging technologies, representing the firm in industry forums and leveraging insights to inform platform evolution.\nEnsure compliance with security, regulatory, and operational requirements, while contributing to enterprise architecture and platform governance.\nOversee performance management of team members, vendor performance reviews, and budget accountability, ensuring continuous improvement and innovation across the knowledge and learning.\nContribute to the management of the knowhow & LMS platform budget and benefits delivery, developing estimates and tracking performance against plans.\nKEY REQUIREMENTS\n\nExperience\nProven experience (5 + years) as a Product Manager in knowledge, learning or legal tech platforms, preferably within the legal, professional services or regulated industry sectors.\nDemonstrable evidence of developing strategy and delivering legal knowledge solutions to the Practice and to clients preferably within the legal or professional services sector.\nKnowledge and understanding of existing Knowledge Management processes and best practices, including where there are shortcomings, bottlenecks and frustrations in processes or technology.\nDetailed understanding of legal workflows and working practices in a law firm context and how they might vary across different legal practices and different geographies.\nKnowledge of IT strategic planning, design, and operations processes.\nStrong project management and problem-solving skills, with the ability to plan, prioritize and deliver on time and within budget.\nDemonstrates a strong professional interest in technology, automation, artificial intelligence, and data-driven decision-making within the legal sector. Literacy in AI technologies (LLMs, embeddings, RAG, Agents) and how these can be applied to in knowledge management workflows.\nHave an understanding, or willingness to learn, the capabilities of existing Legal technology solutions such as M365, MS Teams, iManage and Search and how they can be integrated so that we can use them to solve the business challenges faced by our lawyers.\nA passion for innovation and user-centric design, with the ability to identify and implement new ideas and solutions.\nIn-depth knowledge of data quality, metadata management, and related disciplines.\nExperience in a variety of roles that evidence an ability to challenge and embed new working practices whilst leading a can-do culture focusing on curiosity, collaboration, learning and development.\nDemonstrable experience managing SaaS-based applications, preferably within a legal or professional services context.\nStrong vendor management skills and experience negotiating contracts.\nKnowledge of current IT and data market trends and technology innovations.\nPersonal\nHigh level of personal credibility, impact and influence with proven ability to work effectively and persuasively at all levels\nExcellent industry knowledge (understanding the work and needs of individual lawyers and practice groups and the potential opportunities and cross-overs in developing, adapting and deploying different technologies).\nProven business acumen and ability to understand how they add value to the function, firm or clients.\nPromotes the firm's values at all times, and is comfortable working within a large and complex, matrixed environment with multiple stakeholders and interest groups.\nProven leadership qualities, with a track record of guiding teams towards achieving strategic objectives.\nExcellent presentation, communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and sustain strong client and colleague relationships in a global matrix organisation\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing an onsite gym, wellbeing centre and GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, season ticket loans and online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nOur approach to hybrid working seeks to combine and maximise the benefits of effective remote working with the benefits of being in the office. Our current hybrid working arrangements require office based working for a minimum of 60% of your time (i.e. three days per week for a full time role) in accordance with our hybrid working policy.\n\nAdditional information - External\n\nA&O Shearman is a global industry-leading law firm, with nearly 50 offices in 28 countries worldwide. Our fluency in English law, US law, and the laws of the world’s most dynamic markets, enables us to provide unmatched insight and seamless delivery to clients. We work on challenging and important deals and disputes that have the potential to shape the future.\n\nWe offer exceptional opportunities for our people; opportunities to work for the world’s leading businesses; to transform the status quo, and to deliver your best work, helping you and your career to thrive, while delivering unparalleled outcomes for our clients.\n\nWhether you're helping clients solve complex challenges, transforming the ways we manage our business, or ensuring the smooth-running of our operations, this is an environment where you can belong and excel. We provide first-rate training and development, we are committed to an inclusive environment, and we provide support and ways of working that help you optimise your wellbeing.\n\nWhat truly defines a career with us? We recruit the best and ask for the best of you. And together, we will redefine success."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=272834bbecd8d892","title":"Global Partner Marketing & Operations Manager","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=272834bbecd8d892","description":"360Learning is looking for a Partner Marketing & Operations Manager to architect and scale the next generation of our global partner ecosystem. This is a highly strategic role at the intersection of marketing, alliances, operations, and growth, ideal for someone who wants to build and own the engine behind one of the fastest-growing partner programs in SaaS.\n\nYour mission: turn our partner program into a world-class growth platform. You will design and orchestrate how we communicate, operate, and scale partnerships internally and externally. This means structuring clear, impactful enablement for our internal teams, while also building the marketing motions and engagement strategies that elevate our partners externally. You’ll harness AI agents, automation, and data to improve how we deliver partner intelligence, streamline collaboration, and amplify partner impact across the business.\n\nReporting directly to the Director of EMEA Alliances and collaborating cross-functionally with Sales, Customer Success, Marketing, Product, and Finance, you’ll be the driving force behind how we structure, market, and shine our partner program. You will also be responsible for scaling a digital-first approach for our Tier 3 partners globally, and have the responsibility for the sourcing and influence growth metrics.\n\nWithin 1 month, you will\nImmerse yourself in our partner ecosystem, understanding our GTM strategy, current partner motions, and the opportunities ahead\nAudit existing processes, documentation, and partner communications to identify quick wins and strategic priorities\nGet hands-on with our tech stack (Salesforce, Atlassian tools, Looker, Dust) and explore how AI and automation can elevate partner engagement and enablement\nBuild relationships across Sales, CS, Product, Marketing, and Finance to align on how partnerships can create impact across the business\nGet familiar with our Convexity culture\nWithin 3 months, you will\nOwn the narrative: Redesign our internal partner enablement hub (documentation, playbooks, GTM materials, and co-marketing resources) into a strategic asset for revenue teams\nBuild scalable foundations: Define partner program rules of engagement, partner tiering, and system integrator collaboration models that make partnering with 360Learning intuitive and high-impact\nOperationalize value: Create and roll out a streamlined process for partnership referral fees, ensuring revenue impact is tracked, reported and optimized\nIntelligence at scale: Deploy AI-powered tools and workflows to deliver real-time partner insights and automate internal communications, increasing productivity across the revenue org\nLaunch an improved partner newsletter and communication cadence, backed by clear engagement metrics and feedback loops\nWithin 6 months, you will\nScale operational excellence: Automate key workflows; from onboarding to content distribution to marketplace updates, making our partner program more efficient and more visible\nDrive engagement: Launch targeted, data-driven marketing campaigns (high-touch and low-touch) that deepen partner collaboration and generate measurable pipeline influence\nBe the source of truth: Build a comprehensive partner intelligence layer that helps internal teams act faster, sell smarter, and deliver greater value\nShape GTM impact: Partner with Sales and Marketing leadership to design joint initiatives that expand partner-sourced pipeline and accelerate customer adoption\nDemonstrate a measurable lift in partner engagement (via newsletter open/click rates, shared content, or co-marketing activity) and direct impact on sourcing.\nLaunch a scalable digital-first approach to improve the scale and impact of our Tier 3 partnerships\nWithin 12 months, you will\nBe recognized as a key partner to the Alliances team for partner enablement and marketing strategy\nLead small scale partner campaigns end-to-end with minimal supervision\nContribute to the definition of the partner marketing roadmap and influence cross-functional strategy\nHave taken steps toward owning or influencing the partner operations function in (processes, enablement, tooling)\nGetting knowledge from Marketing and Ops current available info and processes\nThe Skill Set\n2-3 years of experience in partner marketing, marketing operations, or a related function (SaaS, consulting, or tech ecosystems preferred)\nHighly organized, detail-oriented, with a structured mindset around process, analysis, documentation and operations\nHands-on familiarity or strong willingness to learn Salesforce and the Atlassian suite (Confluence, Jira, Trello, Salesforce), and demonstrated understanding and use of AI Agent tools to create efficiency is a bonus\nComfortable working with external partners and cross-functionally with Sales, Product, Customer Success, and Marketing\nSelf-starter, equally comfortable in operations/process enablement and creative partner marketing execution\nFluency in English and French; German is a plus\nEnthusiasm for our working environment explained here\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L & find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC ‍\nThe Interview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with our Director of EMEA Alliances\nCase Study Meeting with our Director of EMEA Alliances and an Operations Manager\nClarification Meeting with our Senior Vice President Alliances\nCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Revenue Officer\nReference checks\nOffer !\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC\n\nWho We Are\n360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.\n\n360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.\n\nLearning Includes Everyone.\nIn concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27656336e7ed23aa","title":"Account Director","company":"OSS BV France","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=27656336e7ed23aa","description":"Account Director, France\n\nLocation: Remote (Paris, France based)\n\nEmployment Type: Full-Time\n\nSummary\n\nAn Account Director is responsible for driving new business growth within a defined territory. The role is focused on identifying, developing, and closing net-new customer opportunities, with a strategic emphasis on expanding OneStream’s footprint into untapped markets and organizations.\nThe Account Director will take full ownership of pipeline generation and progression, leveraging a consultative, value-based sales approach to demonstrate how OneStream’s SaaS platform addresses complex business needs. The Account Director will be responsible for engaging C-level stakeholders, navigating enterprise sales cycles, and building strong, trust-based relationships with prospective clients.\nSuccess in this role requires a self-starter with exceptional prospecting capabilities, a deep understanding of the financial and operational challenges facing modern enterprises, and a passion for winning new business.\nYou’ll collaborate cross-functionally with Marketing, Pre-Sales, Business Development, and Strategic Alliances to maximize market reach and accelerate deal velocity. While some collaboration with existing accounts may occur, the primary focus of this role is new logo acquisition and revenue growth.\n\nPrimary Duties & Responsibilities\n\nNew Business Development: Drive new logo acquisition through strategic prospecting, outbound outreach, marketing leads, and partner referrals.\n\nAccount Expansion: Identify upsell and cross-sell opportunities by understanding evolving customer needs and aligning them with OneStream’s solutions.\n\nPipeline Generation: Build and maintain a healthy pipeline through self-sourced efforts and collaboration with Customer Success, Business Development, Marketing, and Alliances.\n\nSalesforce Hygiene: Maintain clean, accurate, and up-to-date Salesforce records to support data-driven decision making, forecast accuracy, and cross-functional alignment.\n\nSales Execution: Prepare and present tailored business cases, proposals, and SaaS agreements that align customer objectives with OneStream’s value proposition.\n\nQuota Achievement: Balance new business and existing account growth to meet or exceed sales targets.\n\nCustomer Partnership: Serve as a consultative partner, delivering insights and value that support long-term customer success and retention.\n\nValue Communication: Clearly articulate OneStream’s differentiators through compelling written, virtual, and in-person presentations.\n\nOpportunity Management: Accurately track and forecast sales opportunities while ensuring timely knowledge transfer across internal teams and external stakeholders.\n\nNeeds Assessment: Conduct discovery sessions, research, and demos to assess and align OneStream offerings with client challenges.\n\nProposal Development: Create high-impact proposals and responses to client requests, supporting revenue growth and strategic alignment.\n\nSales Excellence: Act as a role model across the sales organization by demonstrating professionalism, accountability and collaborative selling behaviour.\n\nRequired Education & Experience\n\n5-10+ years of B2B sales experience, with a strong focus on new business; high-potential candidates with less experience will also be considered.\nProven track record of consistently exceeding quotas through net-new customer acquisition.\nDemonstrated success in prospecting, pipeline generation, and closing complex deals.\nHunter mindset with ability to drive outbound efforts and convert leads from multiple channels.\nSkilled at articulating solution value to senior stakeholders and navigating multi-threaded sales cycles.\nStrong command of sales methodologies such as MEDDPICC or Challenger to manage complex sales cycles.\nStrategic thinker with business acumen to align solutions with customer pain points and goals.\nComfortable operating independently in fast-paced, high-growth environments.\nExperienced in collaborating with Marketing, Product, Business Development, and Pre-Sales to accelerate deal velocity.\n\nPreferred Education & Experience\n\nUniversity Degree or College Diploma in Sales, Business Administration, Marketing or a related field.\nPrior sales experience in the SaaS industry, especially within the CPM / EPM industry or financial software space.\n\nKnowledge, Skills & Abilities\n\nDemonstrates a strategic mindset with a focus on long-term value creation.\nConsistently driven by goals and measurable outcomes.\nMaintains a strong customer-centric approach across all initiatives.\nPossesses strong commercial acumen and sound business acumen to drive sustainable growth.\nProven ability to build and maintain trusted relationships with C-level executives and key stakeholders.\nAdept at identifying, understanding, and proactively responding to evolving customer needs.\nHighly flexible and adaptable, with the ability to navigate complex and changing environments.\n\nWho We Are\n\nOneStream is how today’s Finance teams can go beyond just reporting on the past and Take Finance Further™ by steering the business to the future. It’s the only enterprise finance platform that unifies financial and operational data, embeds AI for better decisions and productivity, and empowers the CFO to become a critical driver of business strategy and execution. Our vision is to be the operating system for modern finance, digitizing core financial functions and empowering the CFO to become a critical driver of business strategy. To learn more visit www.onestream.com.\n\nWhy Join The OneStream Team\n\nTransparency around corporate structure, salary, and benefits.\nCore value of customer success.\nVariety of project work (not industry specific).\nStrong culture and camaraderie.\nMultiple training opportunities.\n\nAll candidates must be legally authorized to work for any company in the country where this position is located without sponsorship.\n\nOneStream Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.\n\n#LI-MS1 #LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29004c3f0b448c08","title":"Creative Strategist (Performance Marketing)","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29004c3f0b448c08","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a leading tech company that creates and operates innovative consumer products. We offer a diverse range of opportunities across the health, education, and entertainment industries. Our innovative teams are driving the future of consumer-led products, and we're always looking for passionate individuals to join us. Learn more about our story at: https://rubylabs.com/about-us/\n\nAbout the role\n\nWe are seeking a talented and innovative Ad Creative Producer to join our dynamic marketing team at Ruby Labs. This full-time role is central to driving our advertising creative process across multiple consumer-focused brands. You will be responsible for developing new ad concepts, managing production timelines, and collaborating with various teams to ensure that our creatives not only captivate but also convert. As a key player in the ad production lifecycle, you will work directly under the Ad Creative Lead and maintain close coordination with User Acquisition Managers to refine and optimize our advertising strategies based on performance data.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nCreative Development:\n\nLead the ideation and conceptualization of new ad creatives that resonate with diverse audiences, with an emphasis on strategies that enhance customer acquisition.\n\nStay ahead of industry trends to integrate innovative elements into creative production, ensuring our creatives are captivating and effectively convert viewers into customers.\n\nCollaborate with design teams to transform ideas into compelling ad creatives that align with brand values and effectively meet campaign goals.\n\nProject Management:\n\nOversee the production process to ensure all projects are delivered on time and meet the creative vision, with particular attention to optimizing the impact on customer acquisition.\n\nCoordinate with designers, user acquisition managers, and other team members to ensure smooth workflow and high-quality outputs.\n\nPerformance Analysis:\n\nWork closely with User Acquisition Managers to analyze the performance of ad creatives across various platforms, identifying those that best contribute to customer acquisition.\n\nGenerate and test hypotheses in A/B testing to refine creatives, with a focus on optimizing conversion rates and improving overall campaign performance.\n\nProvide regular reports to the Ad Creative Lead on the impact and effectiveness of ad creatives, highlighting their role in driving customer acquisition.\n\nMarket and Competitor Analysis:\n\nConduct thorough competitor research to understand market benchmarks and creative standards, particularly those successful in acquiring customers.\n\nIdentify emerging trends in ad creative production and propose innovative solutions to leverage these trends for better market positioning and customer engagement.\n\nCollaborative Efforts:\n\nLiaise between creative teams and user acquisition managers to ensure that ad creatives are optimized for performance based on real-time data.\n\nFacilitate brainstorming sessions that encourage a culture of creativity and continuous improvement, aimed at boosting customer acquisition and retention.\n\nQualifications\n\nExperience:\n\n3+ years of experience in creative production or a similar role, preferably in a tech-focused or consumer product company.\n\nProven track record of managing creative projects from inception to completion.\n\nStrong portfolio demonstrating expertise in producing high-performing digital ads.\n\nTechnical Skills:\n\nExpertise in digital advertising platforms and understanding of performance metrics.\n\nProficiency in project management tools and collaboration software.\n\nAbility to perform data analysis to draw actionable insights from campaign results.\n\nUp-to-date knowledge of AI tools used in creative production, with the ability to leverage them effectively to generate innovative ad creatives.\n\nPersonal Qualities:\n\nStrong creative vision with the ability to think out of the box and challenge the status quo.\n\nExcellent communication and interpersonal skills to manage diverse teams and stakeholders.\n\nDetail-oriented with strong organizational skills to manage multiple projects simultaneously.\n\nAdaptability:\n\nAbility to quickly adapt to new technologies and changes in the digital marketing landscape.\n\nWillingness to experiment with new creative ideas and approaches to advertising.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere, anytime, promoting a healthy work-life balance.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nCompany-provided MacBook: Experience seamless productivity with top-notch Apple MacBooks provided to all employees who need them.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received. If we see a potential fit, we proceed with the following steps:\n\nRecruiter Screening (40 minutes)\n\nTask Assignment\n\nFinal Interview (60 minutes)\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2c48ad0494d9f83e","title":"Account Executive - Canada - M/F/D","company":"Ab Tasty","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75003\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75003 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8637,\"longitude\":2.3615,\"streetAddress\":\"64-66 Rue des Archives,75003 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75003 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2c48ad0494d9f83e","description":"WHO WE ARE\n\nReady to shape the future of digital optimization with a global leader in AI-powered experience solutions? We invite you to join AB Tasty on our mission to help brands sell better by creating positive user experiences across all digital properties!\n\nSince our founding in 2009, we've partnered with over 1000 clients, including renowned brands like Kering, McDonald’s, Ulta Beauty, L’Oreal, Disneyland Paris, and LVMH among others. With a presence in 8 countries across 3 continents, our team of 300+ passionate individuals is dedicated to building the internet of the future.\n\nAt AB Tasty, we're more than just a company – we're a community. Joining AB Tasty means becoming part of a diverse, dynamic team that values innovation and growth.\n\nOur company culture is at the heart of everything we do. We have our core values that shape our daily interactions and guide us in our mission:\n\nWe bring client satisfaction\nWe are impactful\nWe go above and beyond\nWe live one team, one dream\n\nWe’re committed to creating a workplace where everyone feels empowered to share ideas, take risks, and make an impact. We also know that a happy team is a productive team, that’s why at AB Tasty, we’re not just about delivering top-notch digital experiences - we’re committed to nurturing our team and their professional journeys.\n\nLearn more about AB Tasty and our teams:\n\nAbout Us\nYour Journey with Us\nAB Tasty on Welcome to the Jungle\nTHE TEAM\n\nAs an Account Executive you will be the voice of AB Tasty for all new business opportunities in Canada and have a chance to build a territory and book of business from the beginning. You will be responsible for building relationships, prospecting new opportunities, and managing the full sales cycle to hit quarterly targets. As an AE, you’ll be at the forefront of helping companies with testing, personalization and AI innovation to improve their user journey across a variety of industries. You will work closely with our Vice President of Sales, a solution engineer, and our partner, marketing and customer success teams to drive success and growth for AB Tasty. This is an opportunity to make an impact from day one!\n\nCollaboration tools: Slack, Jira, Confluence, and more\nTools: Salesforce, Gong\nTravel: occasional travel to client meetings and industry events\n\nYOUR MISSION\nManage the full sales cycle - from prospecting to closing - while promoting AB Tasty’s solutions and driving revenue growth across new business opportunities\nEstablish and expand AB Tasty into the Canadian market\nBuild and maintain strong relationships with VP and C-Level executives and key decision-makers within target accounts\nWorking with and contributing to the development of our tech/agencies partner community\nDrive outbound prospecting efforts and partner closely with the marketing, partner and revenue operations teams to identify and develop high-potential leads\nLead product demonstrations, collaborating with Pre-Sales Solutions experts to align AB Tasty’s platform with client needs and objectives\nLiaise with internal teams and external tech/agency partners to ensure seamless sales processes, including handling billing, legal, integration, and technical discussions\nAct as the voice of the customer by capturing and relaying feedback to help enhance product offerings and customer experiences\n\nWHAT YOU'LL BRING\nProven experience in SaaS sales, with 3+ years of success acquiring new clients and driving revenue in a hunter role. Experience selling Martech SaaS to e-Commerce/retailers is a bonus\nExperience working at a global organization in a remote role\nEntrepreneurial spirit and rigor to build and advance a new market at AB Tasty\nExcellent negotiation techniques and you are used to dealing with decision makers (Heads of Marketing Departments and Product Managers) and confidence in building strong stakeholder relationships and managing multiple opportunities across various stages of the sales cycle\nEagerness to explore the MarTech industry, increase client satisfaction, and champion customer-centric improvements in a fast-paced, high-growth environment\nCollaborative skills with multiple internal teams (not limited to: Marketing, Pre-Sales, Customer Success, Legal, Support and Product)\nOutstanding and effective communication skills (oral and written) in English\nProficient in Salesforce.com and familiar with sales frameworks (SPICED, MEDDIC, Challenger Sale, etc.)\n\nIf you don’t meet 100% of these qualifications, tell us why you’d still be a great fit for this role in your application!\n\nWHY YOU'LL LOVE IT HERE\n\nAt AB Tasty, we believe in empowering our team members to innovate, grow, and succeed together. By joining our Infrastructure team, you’ll:\n\nMake a real impact: directly influence our success and be a player in the company's growth\nOwnership & autonomy: we believe in trust - no micromanagement, just the freedom to excel and take charge of your own journey\nInternational culture: collaborate with a diverse, global team across 8 countries\nAccelerate your career: we offer vast opportunities for professional development, education, and upward mobility\nFlexible work: enjoy a balanced work schedule, with up to 3 days of remote work per week\nDETAILS\nContract: permanent full-time\nLocation: Toronto\nWork policy: fully remote position"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2d4fc81a270b3cbb","title":"Customer Care H/F- CDI","company":"PLANITY","location":"{\"city\":\"Angers\",\"postalCode\":\"49100\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"49100 Angers\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Angers (49)\",\"latitude\":47.4667,\"longitude\":-0.55,\"streetAddress\":\"49100 Angers,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"49100 Angers\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"26 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2d4fc81a270b3cbb","description":"Planity est une start-up en hyper-croissance, leader de la réservation beauté en ligne en France. Depuis une application mobile et un site web intuitifs, chacun peut prendre rendez-vous dans un salon de coiffure, barbier ou institut de beauté à côté de chez soi, 24h/24 et gratuitement. Mais surtout, Planity a pour mission d’accompagner les professionnels de la beauté dans la gestion de leur activité au quotidien avec un logiciel SaaS performant doté d’un agenda en ligne et d’un logiciel de caisse.\n\nTu veux rejoindre le numéro 1 français de la réservation beauté ?\n\nPlanity c’est :\n\n14 millions d’utilisateurs par mois\n5 rendez-vous pris par seconde sur la plateforme\n50 000 établissements partenaires\n500 collaborateurs\n400 millions de rendez-vous gérés depuis le lancement de la plateforme en 2017.\n\nL’expérience utilisateur est l’une des clés de notre réussite, et notre service client l’une de nos plus grande fierté. Nous recherchons un.e Customer Care pour conseiller nos clients au quotidien sur l’utilisation de notre outil et répondre à leurs différentes demandes.Sous la responsabilité de Camille, notre Head of Customer Success, tu intègres une équipe motivée à porter l’image de marque de Planity en chouchoutant ses utilisateurs. Deux mots d’ordre chez nous : satisfaction et réactivité.\n\nTes missions consisteront à :\n\nConseiller les clients dans leur utilisation du logiciel,\nAccompagner les clients dans la résolution de problèmes,\nVeiller au traitement rapide et efficace des tickets reçus,\nPrendre en charge les appels entrants et sortants sur notre logiciel (Aircall),\nGestion des réclamations et litiges,\nTravailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes tech, commerciale et facturation\n\nCette liste n’est pas limitative et pourra être amenée à évoluer en fonction de l’activité.\n\n Ton profil :\n\nTu as une expérience d'au moins 2 ans sur un poste similaire de conseiller clients\nTu es à l’aise à l’oral et ton orthographe est irréprochable\nTu aimes le contact humain et tu es à l’écoute\nTu fais preuve de patience et de pédagogie.\n\n Ce que nous proposons à nos talents:\n\nHoraires : du mardi au samedi.\nOutils de travail à disposition : Mac / écran..\nAccès à un CSE\nMutuelle / Tickets restaurants\nSiège social proche de Sentier & Grands Boulevards\n7 semaines de vacances ️\nUn cadre stimulant\nFormations/ Certifications\nDes events/ afterworks mensuels\nPoste en full remote avec 1 jour de présence au siège obligatoire le deuxième mercredi ou jeudi de chaque mois à Paris\n\nTous nos postes sont ouvert aux personnes en situation de handicap.\n\n️ Poste à pourvoir : 3/11/2025\nEtre absolument disponible pour le 3/11/2025\n\nProcessus de recrutement :\n\n- Entretien avec Mélanie la Talent Acquisition recrutement & un Team Leader\n- Entretien visio avec Camille, Head of Customer success & Joana, Customer Care Manager\n\nRémunération :\n\n- Fixe : 26000 euros brut annuels\n- Primes : Jusqu’à 4000 euros brut annuels\n\nRéférence annonce : #Ind/PLA1"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2db5854f3981b192","title":"ServiceNow STC - Independent Consultant/Freelance - EMEA","company":"Edgemony","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2db5854f3981b192","description":"We’re R5 Labs, the innovative tech company behind Edgemony and Product Heroes and ServiceNow official partners. With a passion for creating high-impact solutions, we’re on a mission to build and deliver industry-leading services and tools for our clients in the EMEA region. If you're ready to be part of a collaborative, remote-first team focused on delivering value through technology, we’d love to meet you!\n\nRole Summary:\nAs a ServiceNow Independent Consultant at R5 Labs, you'll lead strategic implementation and optimization projects specifically focused on Customer Service Management (CSM), Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM), IT Asset Management (ITAM), and IT Operations Management (ITOM). You'll partner directly with clients, analyze their needs, and deliver customized solutions that enhance operational efficiency and client satisfaction across the EMEA region.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\nSolution Design and Implementation: Manage end-to-end implementation of ServiceNow solutions, specifically tailored to CSM, SPM, ITAM, and ITOM, from requirement gathering through configuration, testing, deployment, and post-implementation support.\nModule Specialization: Configure and optimize core ServiceNow modules, primarily focusing on Customer Service Management, Strategic Portfolio Management, IT Asset Management, and IT Operations Management.\nConsulting and Advisory: Act as a trusted advisor, offering expert guidance to clients on best practices, process optimization, and maximizing the ROI of ServiceNow investments within targeted modules.\nProcess Enhancement: Continuously analyze, recommend, and implement process improvements to elevate the performance and effectiveness of client ServiceNow environments, particularly within CSM, SPM, ITAM, and ITOM domains.\nStakeholder Collaboration: Collaborate closely with technical teams, business stakeholders, and end-users to ensure seamless adoption, comprehensive knowledge transfer, and sustained client satisfaction.\n\nRequirements\n\nServiceNow Expertise: Minimum of 5 years of direct, hands-on experience implementing and configuring ServiceNow, specifically with demonstrated expertise in CSM, SPM, ITAM, and ITOM modules.\nTechnical Proficiency: Strong knowledge of ServiceNow platform customization, including JavaScript scripting, REST/SOAP API integrations, workflows, and automation specific to CSM, SPM, ITAM, and ITOM.\nCertifications: Certified Implementation Specialist (CIS) certifications in CSM, SPM, ITAM, or ITOM modules highly preferred.\nProject Management Skills: Proven track record managing and delivering multiple concurrent ServiceNow projects with a focus on targeted modules, meeting deadlines, and effectively prioritizing tasks.\nCommunication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication capabilities, with a proven ability to articulate technical concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.\nRemote and International Experience: Demonstrated ability to effectively manage remote projects and stakeholders, specifically within the EMEA region.\nLanguage: Fluency in English is mandatory.\n\nNice to have\n\nCertifications: Certifications (CIS in ITAM, ITOM, GRC, CSM, HAM, or similar) are highly advantageous.\nAny other EMEA language is preferred but not required\n\nBenefits\n\nRemote-First Culture: Work from anywhere within the EMEA region, with flexibility in your schedule to maintain work-life balance.\nCollaborative Environment: Join a supportive team that values knowledge sharing and professional growth.\nProfessional Development: Access to ongoing training and certification support to expand your ServiceNow expertise.\nImpact-Driven Projects: Work on high-impact projects that drive real change for our EMEA clients."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e76bcf15d22e515","title":"Senior Software Engineer (TypeScript) [Prisma ORM]","company":"Prisma Data","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e76bcf15d22e515","description":"At Prisma, we are building the data layer for modern applications. If you are fascinated by the leading-edge architecture and technology used in today’s data-intensive, highly scalable software systems, with distributed graph data on a massive scale, but you want the energy, challenges, and freedom that come with working in a small startup, then a job at Prisma might be for you.\n\nWith funding from top-tier investors Amplify Partners and Kleiner Perkins, we are a small distributed team working on making the advanced data infrastructure developed at large tech companies accessible to all application developers around the world. Our hard work is paying off, with adoption and implementation of Prisma by some of the most successful and interesting companies out there today, and the fun is just beginning!\n\nAt Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data infrastructure powering companies like Twitter, Airbnb, and Facebook, but want the agility, ownership, and impact of a fast-moving startup, then Prisma is the place for you.\n\nBacked by top-tier Silicon Valley investors like Amplify Partners, Kleiner Perkins, and IVP, our small, distributed team is making advanced database technology accessible to developers everywhere. Our open-source tools are trusted by over 400,000 developers each month, with a thriving community on Discord and GitHub, where we’ve earned 43,000+ GitHub Stars.\n\nAt the heart of our commercial offerings is Prisma Postgres, our flagship product designed to supercharge PostgreSQL with modern developer workflows, performance optimizations, and seamless scaling. Alongside it, Prisma Accelerate, and Studio, provide a world-class tookit for building with data.\n\nBy combining the power of open-source with cutting-edge commercial solutions, we’re shaping the future of databases, one developer at a time.\n\nWhat would a Senior TypeScript Engineer at Prisma do?\n\nYou will join a team of skilled TypeScript engineers tackling challenges across the stack to deliver a market-leading ORM. A typical day at Prisma might include:\n\nExpanding the Prisma Client to support advanced database capabilities.\nDrive the process from technical design through implementation.\nContinuously refine and harden the codebase to ensure stability, maintainability, and ease of contribution.\nBuilding new libraries and tools that serve as foundational components, both for our internal teams and for the developer community.\nElevating the developer experience (DX) by shaping intuitive, high-quality tools that make database access a delight.\nAdvancing TypeScript adoption by exploring and applying the latest language features, ensuring Prisma stays at the forefront of modern development.\nWhat does the candidate profile look like?\n\nWe believe that the right person will meet quite a few of the criteria below. If you don't fit the description perfectly, we'd still love to hear from you. Many of these can be learnt on the job:\n\n5+ years of professional experience as a Senior Software Engineer (or equivalent senior-level role) with a proven track record of delivering production-grade systems.\nDeep backend engineering expertise with JavaScript and TypeScript, writing clean, maintainable, and scalable codebases.\nStrong database proficiency:\nHands-on experience with high-scale, data-intensive systems.\nSkilled at query optimization, diagnosing performance bottlenecks, and managing indexes.\nDirect experience tuning databases for reliability and speed in demanding environments.\nExcellent English communication skills, both written and verbal; able to express complex technical concepts with clarity.\nA mindset of continuous learning and feedback: proactively seek input, adapt quickly, and embrace collaboration.\nTeam-oriented approach: value pairing, mentoring, and proactively supporting peers.\nPassion for building outstanding developer experience through sustainable, well-tested tools and infrastructure that empower developers and improve workflows.\nNice-to-Have Skills\nContributions to open source projects (as maintainer or active contributor).\nExperience with systems-level programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Go, Zig, or others) and an interest in low-level performance optimization.\nExperience with edge computing platforms (e.g., Vercel Edge, Cloudflare Workers).\nExposure to or curiosity about WebAssembly (WASM) and its applications in backend systems.\nWhat's it like to work at Prisma?\n\nYou are likely to be a great for the team if you:\n\n...have an ownership mindset. As part of a small team, you'll have an outsize impact on decisions and the way things are executed.\n\n...stay nimble. As a growing startup, the team and strategy evolves quickly. Be ready to re-calibrate often and stay flexible.\n\n...be kind and collaborative. Come in ready to share your ideas and listen to feedback.\n\nWhat's in it for you\nThe opportunity to push the boundaries of DX and TypeScript within a fast-growing, early-stage startup with roots in Silicon Valley and Berlin.\nWe provide a competitive base salary in line with industry standards for similar positions.\nAs an early-stage startup we also provide competitive stock-option grants with a exercise window of up to 10 years.\n24 days paid vacation per year.\n4 mental health days per year.\nFully paid parental leave up to 20 weeks.\nGenerous tech budget to make sure you have all the hardware that you need.\nErgonomic chair subsidy.\nAccess to your local co-working space if you prefer to work from an external location to your home.\n[US] Health, Dental, Vision + 401k Matching.\nRemote Work\n\nWe are a remote-first organisation with an office based in Berlin, Germany. Whether you would like to work remotely, or from the office in Berlin is up to you! We are open to discussing relocation assistance if you would like to join us in Berlin.\n\nTo ensure effective collaboration we can currently only accept candidates within the timezone GMT -5 to GMT +3.\n\nWhat is the process like?\n\nOur recruitment process roughly follows the structure below:\n\nIntroductory Call with your future manager.\nTake Home Assignment followed by a Technical Interview based on the solution you submitted.\nSystem Design Interview with a senior member of our engineering team.\nInterview with our Head of Engineering.\nFinal Interview **with our CEO.\nOffer\nWhat do I do now?\n\nIf this sounds like an interesting opportunity, please apply via our website, and include your LinkedIn profile (or Resume), Github repos, or anything else that you think might give us a good sense of who you are.\n\nWe will generally be in touch within 7 business days to let you know the outcome\n\nPrisma is an equal opportunity employer. We value and celebrate diversity and do not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We are committed to creating a fair and inclusive workplace where all individuals have the opportunity to contribute their skills and talents. Applicants from all backgrounds are encouraged to apply."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e9de28e6c988dd6","title":"Data Governance Lead","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2e9de28e6c988dd6","description":"We are recruiting for a Data Governance Lead to join the A&O Shearman London office. The role is responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of firm-wide data governance policies, standards, and procedures. This is crucial to providing reliable insights, advanced analytics, leveraging AI and to safeguard compliance with regulatory requirements.\n\nAbout the team\n\nThe core of the global technology department’s mission is to provide stable, reliable, and secure platforms and services to our partners, staff and clients and fulfil our regulatory obligations across 30+ countries. To ensure that a consistent and standardised IT service is delivered to all offices, IT is managed and led as a global function, enabling all offices to benefit from complete systems integration and economies of scale. We have around 400 technologists based predominantly in the UK, Singapore and increasingly in the US.\n\nWhat you will do\n\nReporting to the Global Head of Data Governance, the role is responsible for driving the firm’s data governance framework. The role is a member of the Data Governance leadership team and is responsible for coordinating a large network of skilled data professional across the firm and directing external third-party service providers.\n\nThis will include the following:\n\nThe role is responsible for managing the execution of key strategic data governance initiatives and projects identified in the roadmap.\n\nWork as part of the Data Governance leadership team to collectively define, implement and operate the firm’s data strategy, deputising for the Global Head of Data Governance as needed.\n\nDesign and oversee the implementation of the firm's data quality management framework, including metrics and monitoring processes.\n\nMaintain strong working relationships with senior stakeholders across business and technology functions to manage the delivery of the global data governance and retention program.\n\nProvide expertise and advice on data governance, developing and delivering comprehensive training programs on data governance principles, policies, and tools for various audiences (including Data Stewards).\n\nRun the regular, cross-functional meetings of Data Stewards to track data risks and issues and to develop a roadmap to address them.\n\nTake responsibility for ensuring data governance documentation is kept up-to-date including; business data glossary, data dictionaries, and data product documentation.\n\nDrive the consistent application and adoption of data governance practices across different business teams through the hybrid model.\n\nWork closely with the leadership of Technology Platforms, Information Security and others to ensure that the data within the firm’s key systems is of high quality and is complies with necessary regulatory policies and standards.\n\nPerformance management of the Data Governance Manager and Data Governance Specialist, providing mentorship and ensuring alignment with HR standards and policies.\n\nActively identify and pursue opportunities for continuous improvement in data governance processes and effectiveness.\n\nWhat you will have\n\nExtensive experience in data governance implementation and operations, preferably within the legal or professional services sector.\n\nDeep knowledge and understanding of data governance, data lifecycle and data workflow principles and their operational management.\n\nIn-depth knowledge of data quality, metadata management, and related disciplines\n\nFamiliarity with leading data governance technologies.\n\nExperience in risk management, compliance, or consulting is beneficial.\n\nProven project and program management capabilities\n\nKnowledge of current IT and data market trends and technology innovations.\n\nFamiliarity with standard enterprise IT frameworks and governance processes.\n\nExtensive experience in the IT industry, with significant experience leading data governance programmes.\n\nExcellent stakeholder engagement and communication skills.\n\nAbility to lead and develop team members.\n\nStrong process design and improvement skills.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing an onsite gym, wellbeing centre and GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, season ticket loans and online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nOur approach to hybrid working seeks to combine and maximise the benefits of effective remote working with the benefits of being in the office. Our current hybrid working arrangements require office based working for a minimum of 60% of your time (i.e. three days per week for a full time role) in accordance with our hybrid working policy.\n\nAdditional information - External\n\nA&O Shearman is a new global industry-leading law firm, with 48 offices in 28 countries worldwide. Our fluency in English law, US law, and the laws of the world’s most dynamic markets, enables us to provide unmatched insight and seamless delivery to clients. We work on challenging and important deals and disputes that have the potential to shape the future.\n\nWe offer exceptional opportunities for our people; opportunities to work for the world’s leading businesses; to transform the status quo, and to deliver your best work, helping you and your career to thrive, while delivering unparalleled outcomes for our clients.\n\nWhether you're helping clients solve complex challenges, transforming the ways we manage our business, or ensuring the smooth-running of our operations, this is an environment where you can belong and excel. We provide first-rate training and development, we are committed to an inclusive environment, and we provide support and ways of working that help you optimise your wellbeing.\n\nWhat truly defines a career with us? We recruit the best and ask for the best of you. And together, we will redefine success."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=30e1ad046045ac1d","title":"Commercial(e) Assurance Santé – CDI 100 % Télétravail Transformez votre voix en moteur de réussite.","company":"ALLO CONSEILS","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":31016,\"salaryMin\":28552,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 28 552 € à 31 016 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=30e1ad046045ac1d","description":"*ALLO CONSEILS*, cabinet de courtage premium implanté sur les Champs-Élysées, est un acteur reconnu pour son expertise sur le marché de l’assurance santé.\nDepuis plus de 10 ans, nous accompagnons des milliers de clients dans leurs choix de couverture santé, avec un niveau d’exigence élevé et une culture du résultat assumée.\n\nEn 2025, nous accélérons : *nouvelle équipe 100 % télétravail*, nouveaux objectifs, nouvelles ambitions. Et nous cherchons les meilleurs pour y parvenir.\n\n*Votre mission, si vous l’acceptez :*\n* *Transformer des leads exclusifs et préqualifiés* (aucune prospection) en adhésions concrètes : complémentaire, surcomplémentaire, options.\n* Mener *tout le cycle de vente à distance* : qualification, argumentaire, négociation, closing via signature électronique.\n* Atteindre (et dépasser !) vos *objectifs mensuels* : chiffre d’affaires, taux de transformation, qualité de conseil.\n* Fidéliser votre portefeuille : avenants, résiliations, premières réclamations clients.\n* *Alimenter le CRM* avec précision, pour piloter votre activité et faire remonter les signaux du terrain.\n\n*Le profil que nous attendons :*\n* *1 an minimum d’expérience réussie* en vente à distance d’assurances santé (courtier ou assureur).\n* À l’aise avec le *closing téléphonique*, vous connaissez le cadre réglementaire santé sur le bout des doigts.\n* Vous aimez *convaincre, performer, dépasser vos objectifs* — tout en respectant les règles.\n* Vous êtes *autonome, organisé(e), rigoureux(se)* et prêt(e) à faire du télétravail un vrai levier de réussite.\n* Une connexion internet stable, un espace calme, et un esprit combatif sont vos meilleurs alliés.\n\n*Ce que nous vous offrons :*\n* *CDI 35 h/semaine*, du lundi au vendredi – pas de week-end, pas de débordement.\n* *Rémunération attractive* :\n* Fixe SMIC net sécurisé.\n* *Commissions non plafonnées*, à barème progressif – les plus performants dépassent *4 000 € brut/mois* de variable.\n* *Matériel professionnel fourni* (PC + casque) dès validation de la période d’essai.\n* *Formation continue* et montée en compétences assurée :\n* Coaching en direct (« à chaud »).\n* Débriefs réguliers (« à froid »).\n* *Masterclass animées par les meilleurs commerciaux* du groupe.\n* Une *culture orientée résultats, bienveillance et progression rapide*.\n* Et surtout : la fierté de rejoindre un cabinet qui valorise *vos compétences, vos efforts et votre voix*.\n\n*Comment postuler ?*\n\nEnvoyez dès maintenant :\n* Votre *CV* avec vos résultats chiffrés.\n* Une *brève présentation* de votre plus grande réussite commerciale (10 lignes max).\n\n*Adresse :* recrutement@alloconseils.com\n*Référence :* REMOTE-SANTÉ-2025\n\n*Chez ALLO CONSEILS, votre talent s’entend. Votre performance se rémunère. Votre avenir se construit. À domicile.*\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\n\nRémunération : 28 552,00€ à 31 016,00€ par an\n\nHoraires :\n* Du lundi au vendredi\n* Repos le week-end\n* Travail en journée\nRémunération supplémentaire :\n* Commissions\n\n\n\nFormation:\n* Bac +2 (BTS, DUT, DEUG) (Optionnel)\n\nExpérience:\n* Banque assurance: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3625e47c1102a00a","title":"Stage Business Developer H/F","company":"IGOSEO","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3625e47c1102a00a","description":"*Stage Business Developer – Offre SXO (SEO + UX) – IGOSEO*\n\n*Télétravail* | *Stage de 2 mois* | *Démarrage immédiat*\n\n*À propos d’IGOSEO*\n\nIGOSEO est une agence digitale spécialisée dans le référencement naturel (SEO), l’expérience utilisateur (UX) et les stratégies de visibilité en ligne.\nNotre mission : aider nos clients — startups, PME et grands comptes — à performer durablement sur le web grâce à une approche innovante : le SXO (Search Experience Optimization).\n\n*Ta mission*\n\nDirectement rattaché(e) au fondateur et directeur d’IGOSEO, tu participeras activement au développement commercial de notre offre SXO.\nTon rôle ? Être un acteur clé de la croissance de l’entreprise, en intervenant sur tout le cycle de vente, de la prospection au closing, aux côtés d’interlocuteurs variés et de haut niveau.\n\n*Tes missions principales*\n\n*Développement commercial*\n\n* Identifier, qualifier et gérer un portefeuille de leads.\n* Établir les premiers contacts avec les décideurs et présenter notre offre.\n* Détecter de nouvelles opportunités business et décrocher des rendez-vous qualifiés.\n* Participer à la commercialisation de nos services jusqu’à la conclusion des ventes.\n\n*Relation client & fidélisation*\n\n* Comprendre les enjeux SEO/SXO des prospects et leur proposer des solutions adaptées.\n* Rédiger et présenter des propositions commerciales personnalisées.\n* Assurer le suivi régulier et la fidélisation du portefeuille clients.\n\n*Stratégie & organisation*\n\n* Contribuer à la stratégie commerciale globale et au pilotage du pipeline.\n* Mettre à jour et enrichir le CRM (contacts, besoins, opportunités).\n* Élaborer des fiches comptes complètes : organigrammes, contacts clés, stratégie client.\n* Collaborer étroitement avec l’équipe marketing pour optimiser les actions commerciales.\n\n*Avant-vente & expertise*\n\n* Analyser les besoins des clients et proposer des audits techniques SEO adaptés.\n\n*Ton profil*\n\n* Première expérience en SEO, UX ou développement commercial (idéalement en agence).\n* Autonome, rigoureux(se) et doté(e) d’un excellent sens relationnel.\n* Curieux(se), proactif(ve) et désireux(se) d’apprendre rapidement.\n* À l’aise à l’oral comme à l’écrit, en français et en anglais.\n* Motivé(e) par un projet ambitieux au sein d’une équipe passionnée.\n\n*Conditions*\n\n* *Durée :* Stage de 2 mois\n* *Type :* Non rémunéré\n* *Lieu :* 100 % Télétravail\n* *Disponibilité :* Dès que possible\n\nTu veux apprendre vite, évoluer dans un environnement stimulant et participer à la croissance d’une offre innovante ?\n*Rejoins IGOSEO* et contribue au développement de la *meilleure offre SXO du marché !*\n\nType d'emploi : Stage\nDurée du contrat : 2 mois\n\n\n\nFormation:\n* Bac +5 (Master / MBA) (Optionnel)\n\nExpérience:\n* Business Development: 1 an (Optionnel)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=39582ed5afb1f769","title":"Performance Manager","company":"Papa In Shape","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":35000,\"salaryMin\":24777.689453125,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 24 777,69 € à 35 000,00 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=39582ed5afb1f769","description":"At *Papa In Shape*, our mission is to redefine how men and women take care of their health, wellness, and appearance. To accelerate our growth, we’re looking for a *Performance Manager* who will take full ownership of our paid media and growth marketing machine.\n\nYour mission: *own performance marketing end-to-end* – from strategy to execution – to maximize profitable growth, boost ROAS, and ensure every euro invested delivers measurable business impact.\n\nThis role is for someone *analytical, structured, and relentlessly results-driven* — but also entrepreneurial, treating the brand like their own and eager to help build a bold success story.\n\n*Key Responsibilities*\n\n*Paid Media Strategy & Execution*\n\n* Design, launch, and scale full-funnel campaigns (Meta, TikTok, Google, YouTube, and emerging platforms).\n* Take full ownership of budgets and allocate investments based on business objectives.\n* Build and implement a structured testing roadmap (audiences, creatives, bidding, formats).\n* Align media strategies with Papa In Shape’s overall growth goals.\n\n*Data-Driven Optimisation*\n\n* Monitor and analyse KPIs to drive continuous performance improvements.\n* Conduct structured post-mortems to extract insights and refine strategies.\n* Ensure accuracy and reliability of data across dashboards and reports.\n\n*Creative Performance Collaboration*\n\n* Work closely with the creative team to produce ads aligned with key KPIs (ROAS, CPA, CVR…).\n* Translate performance insights into clear and actionable creative briefs.\n* Lead systematic testing of formats, hooks, and storytelling angles.\n* Stay ahead of social trends and platform best practices to guide creative strategy.\n\n*Budget & Profitability Management*\n\n* Manage budgets with a strong focus on unit economics (CAC, LTV, margin, ROAS).\n* Reallocate spend dynamically to top-performing campaigns, audiences, or platforms.\n* Anticipate ad fatigue and coordinate creative refreshes.\n* Balance growth with profitability by aligning budget decisions with business priorities.\n\n*CRO & Post-Click Optimisation*\n\n* Optimise the user journey beyond the click (landing pages, checkout flows, etc.).\n* Partner with CRO/UX teams to maximise conversion rates.\n* Lead structured A/B testing of CTAs, layouts, and funnel steps.\n\n*Innovation & Channel Expansion*\n\n* Continuously test new platforms, ad formats, and acquisition tactics.\n* Track competitor strategies and market trends to inform innovation.\n* Scale successful experiments into core acquisition channels.\n\n*Process & Operational Excellence*\n\n* Build scalable systems and SOPs for campaign setup, optimisation, and reporting.\n* Automate workflows and reporting to increase efficiency.\n* Document learnings and foster collaboration across teams.\n\n*Ideal Candidate*\n\n* 5+ years of hands-on experience in performance marketing, with expertise in paid social & search.\n* Proven track record in *DTC/e-commerce scaling*, ideally in *beauty, wellness, or lifestyle*.\n* Mastery of Meta, TikTok, Google, YouTube — both tactical execution and strategic planning.\n* Strong understanding of complementary growth levers (CRM, influencer marketing, CRO, creators).\n* Highly analytical with deep knowledge of unit economics and attribution.\n* Demonstrated success in managing large budgets and driving profitability.\n* Strong communicator and team player, able to influence cross-functional teams.\n* Entrepreneurial mindset: ownership-driven, ambitious, and committed to sustainable growth.\n\n*Type : Freelance*\n*100% REMOTE*\n\n*Your benefits*\n\n* 100% remote working\n* Fixed monthly Commission\n* Intensive initial training with experts\n* Self-employed entrepreneur status\n* Tools and training to help you go even further\n* Three months of health support provided free of charge\n* Few months in Thailand with a package paid by the company\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein\n\nRémunération : 24 777,69€ à 35 000,00€ par an\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Vous avez déjà gérer un budget publicitaire minimum de 100 000/150 000 par mois ?\n\nExpérience:\n* Management: 3 ans (Requis)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Requis)\n* Français (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3a3ce3c4bf9cc094","title":"Senior Growth Product Designer (Remote)","company":"Hospitable","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"23 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3a3ce3c4bf9cc094","description":"TLDR; We build software for Airbnbs to rent themselves, with a state-of-the-art product and user experience.\n\nWe have crafted an Applicant Handbook, which we highly recommend you check out, where you can find out more about the company, culture, how we recruit, what we do, and how we do it: https://bit.ly/hsptblhndbk We are bold, like risks, and take on big challenges together.\n\nOur customers love the product, provide valuable feedback, and trust us to rapidly help them with more of their problems. Feel free to check out one of our public Town Halls for yourself: https://bit.ly/hptwn\n\nHospitable.com is a remote-only and fully distributed company. We hire based on timezones, not countries.\n\nWhat you will be working on:\n\nAs Senior Growth Product Designer, you will design and elevate the core experiences that drive our business forward—creating seamless interfaces that make signing up and managing stays effortless for our users.\n\nReporting directly to our Staff Product Designer, Matt, you’ll shape the look, feel, and flow of our most critical transactional touch points, ensuring every interaction delights users and is optimised for activation, monetisation and engagement. Working alongside Matt, whose favourite ice cream flavour is Ben & Jerrys Half-Baked, you will play a critical role in shaping the product’s direction, working closely with leadership, product and engineering teams to bring your designs to life.\n\nTo accomplish this, you will:\n\nChampion conversion and growth-oriented design for our transactional touch points, ensuring activation, onboarding, booking, and guest & owner portal workflows are seamless, engaging, and optimised.\nLead the design process from concept to execution, including user research, wireframing, prototyping, visual design, and interaction design.\nDevelop and maintain a consistent design language and style guide that reflects our brand and product vision.\nLeverage data, user feedback, and research to refine the user journey.\nDrive the overall design vision for the product, aligned with the company's long-term strategy and values.\nInspire the team with innovative ideas and a commitment to creating a product that users love and remember.\n\nRequirements\n\nHospitable.com is a remote-only and distributed company. Your location is not a requirement for this position. The ideal fit would work in a European or American (up to East Coast) timezone.\n\nWe’re aiming for a start date no earlier than November 3, 2025.\n\nWhat we are looking for:\n\nLeadership: Proven ability to lead design projects and collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.\nExperience: Rather than years, very senior experience in UI/UX design for a SaaS product ideally in eCommerce or related to growth, with a world-class portfolio demonstrating your ability to create delightful, intuitive, and fluid experiences.\nSkills: You live and breathe in design tools. Nothing exotic: we use Whimsical for mockups, Figma for designs.\nCreativity: Ability to think outside the box and push conventional design to create something truly differentiated.\nCommunication: Excellent communication skills, with the ability to articulate design concepts and decisions clearly to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.\nPassion: A deep passion for design, a keen eye for detail and a deep understanding of what makes a product truly exceptional.\nVery special kudos if you are a short-term rental/Airbnb host or have been working in a short-term rental business\nEverything else is a lovely bonus that we're excited to hear about!\n\nBenefits\n\nThe company itself is also a product, one that we iterate on. We're always improving and creating an environment where we all love to work.\n\nA supportive and caring team environment where you are trusted, not managed.\nThe total budget for this role is between USD $133,200 to $171,000 depending on the cost of living in your location. We can hire talent internationally as contractors—or employees if you are based in the United States, the European Union, or Australia, taking into account payroll taxes to determine your gross compensation. The gross salary for US employees could be anywhere between $113,220 to $145,350.\nWe also offer an extra compensation with RSUs (through our $HOST token).\nFor US employees: healthcare (including EPO, PPO and HSA), 401(k).\n35 days off per year, encouraged (including self-serve public holidays) and parental leave.\nMental-health and emotional support with therapists on call through Slack by Spill.\nRecognized on Inc.’s list of Best Workplaces for 2023."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3cddfc55f2e9a144","title":"Senior Infrastructure Engineer","company":"Prisma Data","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3cddfc55f2e9a144","description":"At Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data infrastructure powering companies like Twitter, Airbnb, and Facebook, but want the agility, ownership, and impact of a fast-moving startup, Prisma is the place for you.\n\nBacked by top-tier Silicon Valley investors like Amplify Partners, Kleiner Perkins, and IVP, our small, distributed team is making advanced database technology accessible to developers everywhere. Our open-source tools are trusted by over 400,000 developers each month, with a thriving community on Discord and GitHub, where we’ve earned 43,000+ GitHub Stars.\n\nAt the heart of our commercial offerings is Prisma Postgres, our flagship product designed to supercharge PostgreSQL with modern developer workflows, performance optimizations, and seamless scaling. Alongside it, Prisma Accelerate, and Studio, provide a world-class tookit for building with data.\n\nBy combining the power of open-source with cutting-edge commercial solutions, we’re shaping the future of databases, one developer at a time.\n\nWhat would you do at Prisma?\n\nYou’ll be part of our Prisma Data Platform team which is responsible for Accelerate, Prisma Postgres and the bare metal cloud that those products are built on.\n\nTo give you a clear idea of what the job could entail, here are some examples of the work we’ve done lately or will start soon:\n\nChoose and deploy a globally distributed configuration store (like etcd, rqlite) for encrypted authentication to enable global routing for Prisma Postgres.\nImprove automation of our servers with the goal of reducing maintenance overhead and provisioning times.\nConfigure, deploy, monitor, and debug a cutting-edge containerization platform that drives both internal and external tooling and services.\nParticipate in a shared on-call rotation to help ensure reliability of our systems, with an emphasis on fair scheduling, strong tooling, and a culture that values work-life balance.\nAn Ideal Candidate Profile\n8+ years of experience in infrastructure, DevOps, or platform engineering, operating large-scale systems with a focus on Linux, networking, and cloud environments.\nExperience building and scaling resilient distributed systems across bare metal and cloud platforms (AWS, Cloudflare); strong understanding of systems architecture and reliability patterns.\nProficiency with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, or similar) and automation practices to manage reproducible, scalable environments.\nHigh standards for quality, ensuring excellence while balancing pragmatism, purpose, and a strong sense of agency - taking ownership, making thoughtful trade-offs, and driving meaningful impact.\nStrong communication skills in English, both written and verbal. Be able to articulate complex ideas clearly, adapt messaging to different audiences, give and receive constructive feedback effectively, and foster collaboration across teams.\nDeep expertise in Linux server administration and networking, including provisioning, configuration, maintenance, troubleshooting, performance tuning, and hardening aligned to security best practices. Fluency in Bash and Debian. Kernel-level debugging is advantageous.\nStrengthen and scale a mature security posture across Cloud environments, IAM and secrets management, secure networking and zero trust access controls, CI/CD and dependency hygiene, API and application security best practices, and maintain audit readiness.\nYou think critically and communicate your reasoning clearly. You articulate your thoughts in a systematic way, plan effectively, anticipate challenges, and ensure smooth execution while keeping stakeholders aligned.\nAdvantageous: Hands-on programming experience in Go, Python, or other scripting languages, with an inclination to build tools and automation that improve developer and operator experience.\nWhat's it like to work at Prisma?\n\nYou're likely to be a great fit for the team if you ...\n\n... have an ownership mindset. As a Senior Engineer, you'll have an outsized impact on decisions and the way things are executed.\n... stay nimble. It's a startup, things change, and you are ok with that. Be ready to re-calibrate often and stay flexible.\n... be kind and collaborative. Come in ready to share your ideas and listen to feedback.\nWhat's in it for you?\n\nWe put our people first. Strong pay, full flexibility, and benefits that make a difference. Take the time off that you need, grow your career, and do work that matters.\n\nAn opportunity to shape Prisma’s cutting-edge cloud products, driving innovation in modern database tooling and redefining how developers build and scale applications see what we’re building.\nA Fun and Supportive Team that values collaboration, growth, and continuous learning.\nCompetitive Base Salary and Stock Options, including extended post-termination exercise windows.\nFully Remote Work with flexibility to work from anywhere within our required time zones. If you prefer an office environment, we provide access to a local co-working space for up to ten days per month.\nGenerous Time Off, including twenty-four days of paid vacation and paid sick leave.\nParental Benefits, including twenty weeks of fully paid parental leave and child sick leave.\nSabbatical Leave, with six weeks of fully paid time off after three years of continuous employment.\nMental Health Support, including four fully paid Mental Health Days per year and access to professional resources.\nTech and Ergonomic Budget to equip you with the tools you need.\nAnnual Offsites, bringing the team together twice a year with all expenses paid retreats at exciting locations.\nRelocation Support, offering a relocation package for team members moving to Berlin after twelve months, if you choose to relocate.\n[US] Health and Pension Benefits, including comprehensive health, dental, vision, and 401k matching.\nRemote Work\n\nTo ensure effective collaboration we can currently only accept candidates within the timezone GMT -2 to GMT +3 for this position.\n\nWhat is our hiring process like?\nIntroductory Call with our Head of Engineering.\nTake Home Assignment followed by a Technical Interview based on your submission.\nSystem Design Interview with one of your peer engineers\nInterview with our COO.\nFinal Interview with our CEO.\nOffer\n\nThe above serves as a basic outline, we might choose to add or remove steps based on the information that we gather during the process.\n\nIf you believe that this is the right position for you then please send your resume along with any supporting documentation or information to us via the link provided on this page. We typically respond within 7 business days.\n\nIn line with our Fair Treatment and Equal Opportunity Policy, as well as our Disability Policy, Prisma follows fair and merit-based hiring practices, ensuring all candidates are evaluated based on their skills, experience, and qualifications. We do not make hiring decisions based on age, race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, parental or caregiver status, trade union membership, disability, religious belief or lack of belief, life expectancy, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veteran or military status."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=403c9e0b342668ac","title":"QA/QC Manager","company":"Intertek","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"15 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=403c9e0b342668ac","description":"Job Summary:\n\nIntertek is supporting a major infrastructural project in Riyadh, contributing to broader national development initiatives that promote sustainable growth and public interest in line with Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030.\n\nAs part of this program, Intertek will deliver advisory and analytical services to strengthen regulations, codes, guidelines, policies, procedures, governance, and stakeholder alignment across permitting, licensing, inspections, and municipal services.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\nLead and manage technical reviews, validations, and approvals across relevant disciplines, ensuring compliance with applicable codes, standards, and masterplans.\nCollaborate with internal teams, consultants, and stakeholders to ensure efficient execution of permitting, licensing, inspection, and design compliance processes.\nImplement and maintain robust quality assurance and control systems, conduct audits, and ensure all deliverables meet regulatory and performance standards.\nIdentify gaps and inefficiencies in workflows, develop and implement process improvements, and standardize operating procedures to enhance overall effectiveness.\nInterpret technical codes and regulations, provide guidance on waivers, and support resolution of complex engineering and design challenges.\nPrepare and present regular progress reports, maintain transparent documentation, and monitor operational activities using digital performance dashboards.\nEstablish clear communication protocols with staff, applicants, and external partners, and ensure stakeholder feedback is captured and addressed.\nSupport training, mentorship, and knowledge transfer initiatives to build team capacity and contribute to succession planning.\nEnsure availability of necessary resources, tools, and systems to support successful project delivery, and promote automation and digital integration where applicable.\n\nRequirements\n\nQualifications:\n\nBSc or MSc degree in relevant engineering or technical discipline.\nCandidates should have significant professional experience working in Western Europe or with major corporations headquartered in that region.\nMinimum 10-15 years of experience in the subject field with a strong record of achievements.\nProven ability to lead full programs and multidisciplinary teams.\nStrong universal engineering background across technical domains.\nExcellent proficiency in discipline-specific software tools.\n\nBenefits:\n\nLong-term contract of 5+ years, with the possibility of renewal.\nFully remote position, offering flexibility and global collaboration.\nIncludes ad hoc business trips to Saudi Arabia as required.\nThe selected candidate will be hired under an Intertek contract, ensuring professional engagement and support."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4048b4342d14f7e3","title":"Senior Product Designer","company":"Super Dispatch","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4048b4342d14f7e3","description":"Mission\n\nThe mission of the Senior Product Designer is to simplify complex logistics workflows and create intuitive, scalable solutions for shippers and brokers on our TMS platform. As part of the Shipper Squad, this role will use research, data, and AI-powered prototyping to design experiences that enable faster, smarter, and more efficient vehicle shipping across the United States.\n\nWhy Super Dispatch\n\nAt Super Dispatch, we're not just changing the game - we're creating a whole new playing field in the auto transport industry. Super Dispatch is the next generation platform that is not only redefining efficiency but is also setting new standards for how vehicles are moved.\n\nOur suite of tools, including the Carrier TMS, Shipper TMS, SuperPay, and the groundbreaking Supply & Demand, are designed with one goal in mind: making auto transport as easy as possible. Leverage the latest in industry trends, data, and user-friendly features, empowering carriers, shippers, and brokers to achieve operational excellence.\n\nFrom minimizing paperwork to reducing wasted time and cutting costs, we tackle the challenges of the industry head-on, so you can focus on what you do best.\n\nWelcome to Super Dispatch, where the future of auto transport is already a reality.\n\nAbout the role\n\nSuper Dispatch is seeking a Senior Product Designer to lead design for our Shipper TMS (or Trust & Safety) – the platform shippers, brokers and carriers rely on to manage and deliver thousands of vehicle shipments. In this role, you'll simplify complex logistics workflows, design intuitive solutions for shippers, brokers, and carriers, and leverage AI to create and test prototypes faster, accelerating decision-making and improving the user experience.\n\nThis is a remote-first role and an exciting opportunity to design one of the most advanced SaaS products in auto transport.\n\nSuper Dispatch is a 100% distributed team, so this role can be done anywhere in the (Central Asia/Eastern Europe). We're currently hiring two people for different teams - feel free to invite your friend to apply!\n\nAbout You\n\nWe're looking for a customer-obsessed problem solver who thrives in complexity. You can quickly turn ambiguous problems into elegant solutions, collaborate across disciplines, and use data and AI to inform your design process. You experiment often, learn fast, and seek impact over perfection.\n\nThis is a chance to help redefine the logistics industry with design, AI, and technology.\n\nResponsibility\n\nLearn and deeply understand shipper, broker and carrier workflows, pain points, and opportunities through research, interviews, and data.\nTranslate insights into problem statements and design directions for the squad.\nDesign end-to-end solutions for Shipper TMS and validate concepts quickly with AI-powered prototypes.\nCollaborate with engineers to ensure solutions are feasible, scalable, and smoothly implemented.\nMeasure usability and adoption through customer feedback and product KPIs, sharing learnings to drive improvements.\nContribute to the design system and foster a culture of experimentation, usability testing, and iteration across squads.\nTell the story of your experiments, what worked, what didn't, and why, so the team can learn, adapt, and move faster.\n\nMinimum requirements\n\n5+ years of professional product design experience, ideally in a product-led environment.\nSkilled in research and discovery: customer interviews, journey mapping, usability testing, and turning insights into product opportunities.\nStrong prototyping skills, able to explore multiple solutions quickly using Figma, and AI-powered tools (e.g. Figma Make, Lovable).\nExperience working in cross-functional squads with PMs, engineers, and data teams in an agile environment.\nStrong communication skills , able to tell the story of problems and solutions clearly to stakeholders.\n\nPlus points\n\nBackground in transportation, logistics, or marketplace platforms.\nExperience scaling and governing a design system.\nKnowledge of AI agentic UX patterns and how they can transform user workflows.\n\nWho you are\n\nAnalytical & systems thinker: You connect the big picture with precise execution, and design with scale in mind.\nCurious & experimental: You generate multiple approaches, test quickly (often with AI), and learn from outcomes.\nCommunicator & storyteller: You can frame customer problems and design solutions clearly for both technical and business audiences.\nCustomer-focused: You deeply empathize with shippers and brokers, and keep their needs at the center of product decisions.\nAdaptive & collaborative: You thrive in ambiguity, adjust quickly to change, and value teamwork over ego.\nOutcome-driven: You measure success by impact, not output, and push for solutions that move the business and customer forward.\n\nGrowth Plan\n\nWithin 1 month, you'll…\n\nGraduate from Super Dispatch's onboarding program and get familiar with our people, processes, and product ecosystem.\nLearn and understand the workflows and pain points of shippers and brokers by reviewing existing research, product docs, and shadowing customer calls.\nSet up your design environment (Figma, AI prototyping tools, internal systems) and contribute a first small design improvement (e.g., UI polish or usability fix).\nPresent a short “first impressions” report to the Shipper Squad with observations, opportunities, and questions.\n\nWithin 3 months, you'll…\n\nLead your first end-to-end design project for Shipper TMS (or Trust & Safety) , from problem framing to delivery in collaboration with PM and engineers.\nConduct at least 3 user research sessions (interviews, usability tests, or surveys) and share insights with the team.\nPrototype and validate one concept using AI-powered design tools (e.g., Figma Make, Lovable, GPT workflows).\nContribute updates to the Super Dispatch Design System, ensuring alignment with other squads.\nShare your first design review presentation with cross-functional stakeholders (PM, EM, CPO).\n\nWithin 6 months, you'll…\n\nOwn multiple design initiatives within Shipper TMS, balancing short-term usability fixes with longer-term workflow improvements.\nDrive measurable impact (e.g., improved task completion, higher adoption of a feature, or reduced support tickets).\nMentor or support a peer designer by reviewing work, sharing feedback, or contributing to design critiques.\nHelp refine and scale experimentation practices in the squad, encouraging quick prototyping and data-driven iteration.\n\nWithin 12 months, you'll…\n\nBecome the design lead for Shipper TMS (or Trust & Safety), driving the vision for shipper/broker workflows in collaboration with PM and EM.\nShape and deliver at least one strategic feature or workflow redesign that significantly improves customer outcomes.\nPartner with the analytics and product teams to define and track design KPIs tied to business and user success.\nContribute thought leadership within Super Dispatch (e.g., leading design workshops, sharing best practices, or writing internal playbooks).\nBe recognized as a trusted partner by leadership and peers for your design impact, collaboration, and customer-first mindset.\n\nWhat We Offer\n\nGreat Culture - We strive for transparency and you'll work with like minded highly motivated people excited about solving complex problems\nRemote First Culture - We're a 100% distributed team!\nGym/Wellness Stipend - We provide a monthly stipend for gym memberships ($50/month)\nGenerous Time Off Flex PTO policy so you can take the time you need, when you need it, as well as 6–12 weeks paid paternity leave\nGreat gear – we'll set you up for success with the right tech and help you outfit your home office, if needed.\n\nLocation Requirement:\n\nWe're especially interested in candidates located in Eastern European or Central Asian regions.\n\nDoes this sound like you? We'd love to hear from you if so."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=412e8c659993c1ca","title":"Project Owner","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=412e8c659993c1ca","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a results-oriented company that maintains the highest possible quality standards across all our products. We seek hungry, energetic professionals who love their work and are ready to push forward aggressively to achieve exceptional results.\n\nWe believe this is the best environment for those who succeed—professionals who deliver outstanding quality are rewarded with unparalleled growth opportunities and recognition. If you thrive on excellence and take pride in flawless execution, Ruby Labs is where your talents will be valued and developed.\n\nAbout the role\n\nRuby Labs seeks a detail-oriented Project Owner to ensure flawless execution of product initiatives. You'll be responsible for transforming strategic directives from the Head of Product into executable tasks, managing the development process, and guaranteeing exceptional implementation quality.\n\nThis role offers significant impact through execution excellence: driving development teams to deliver high-quality features on time, maintaining meticulous attention to detail, and serving as the final quality gatekeeper before production release.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nTransform product requirements from Head of Product into detailed, actionable tasks in Plane.so.\n\nMaintain and prioritize the development backlog to ensure efficient team workflow.\n\nDrive development teams to meet established deadlines without compromising quality.\n\nPerform thorough quality assurance on all completed work before production release.\n\nServe as the final responsible person for implementation quality and feature completeness.\n\nIdentify and resolve bottlenecks in the development process proactively.\n\nCoordinate cross-functional resources needed for successful implementation.\n\nDocument requirements, processes, and implementation details with exceptional clarity.\n\nManage feature launch processes, including testing, deployment, and rollback plans.\n\nProvide regular status updates to stakeholders with precise progress metrics.\n\nQualifications\n\n3+ years of experience in project management or similar execution-focused roles in software development.\n\nStrong organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously.\n\nProven track record of delivering high-quality software projects on schedule.\n\nExperience conducting thorough QA and establishing quality standards.\n\nExceptional attention to detail with a quality-first mindset.\n\nStrong technical understanding to effectively communicate with development teams.\n\nExperience with project management tools (specifically Plane.so or similar).\n\nDemonstrated ability to manage complex projects with multiple dependencies.\n\nExcellence in written and verbal communication, particularly for technical specifications.\n\nAbility to push back appropriately when quality would be compromised.\n\nNice to have\n\nExperience working in subscription-based digital products.\n\nBackground in EdTech or assessment products.\n\nFamiliarity with component-based UI systems.\n\nExperience with A/B testing implementations.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere, anytime, promoting a healthy work-life balance.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received. If we see a potential fit, we proceed with the following steps:\n\nRecruiter Screening (40 minutes)\n\nTechnical Interview (60 minutes)\n\nFinal Interview (60 minutes)\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=41a1c53d89144e83","title":"SDR Freelance H/F : Setting B2B (ESN)","company":"Growth Hackerz","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=41a1c53d89144e83","description":"*À propos du poste*\nTu as un attrait pour les environnements techniques et tu veux contribuer à la croissance commerciale d’une *ESN *ou d’un cabinet de conseil IT ? *Growth Hackerz* t’offre l’opportunité de collaborer avec des acteurs du numérique pour générer des leads qualifiés et accélérer leur développement.\n\nNous accompagnons plusieurs *ESN* dans la structuration de leur stratégie commerciale, en particulier sur les missions à forte valeur ajoutée (data, cybersécurité, dev, infra...).\n\nPour renforcer notre équipe, nous recherchons un(e) SDR freelance motivé(e), capable donc de mener à bien des missions de prospection en BtoB.\n\n_*Les missions proposées :*_\n\nEn tant que SDR, tu seras principalement chargé(e) de la prospection commerciale et du suivi des opportunités afin de conclure de nouveaux partenariats avec des entreprises intéressées par nos services.\n\n* Prospection Téléphonique : Identifier et qualifier des besoins IT chez des DSI, CTO ou chefs de projet\n* Gestion du processus de vente et suivi régulier des prospects\n* Travailler étroitement avec les équipes marketing et commerciales pour optimiser les leads et améliorer les stratégies de vente\n* Reporting des résultats des campagnes de prospection\n\n_*Compétences requises :*_\n\n* Excellente capacité de communication et de persuasion, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit\n* Expérience réussie en vente BtoB ou en prospection commerciale dans le secteur IT/ des environnements ESN\n* Comprendre les cycles d’achat complexes dans le secteur IT/ESN\n* Capacité à Adapter le discours selon le niveau de maturité digitale des prospects\n* Capacité à travailler de manière autonome et à gérer son temps efficacement\n* Connaissance des outils CRM (hubspot)\n\n_*Profil recherché :*_\n\n* Expérience préalable dans une fonction similaire (1-2 ans)\n* Bonne connaissance du secteur IT ou des environnements ESN\n* Excellente compréhension du cycle de vente BtoB et des stratégies Inbound et Outbound Marketing en conseil ou en prestation de services.\n* Aisance à discuter de sujets techniques (même sans background d’ingé)\n* Maîtrise du Français\n* Autonome, proactif(ve), Structuré(e), rigoureux(se) et orienté(e) résultats.\n\n*Disponibilité : ASAP (as soon as possible).*\n\n*Type d'emploi :* Freelance.\n\n*Durée :* à déterminer selon les missions\n\n*Jour de travail *: tous les après midi sauf le vendredi soit 4 demi-journées par semaine.\n\n*Rémunération :* *1 500€ - 3500€/Brut HT en fonction du contrat + performances par mois*\n\n*Lieu de Travail :* Hybride\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, Temps partiel\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n\n* Avez-vous une connaissance du logiciel Hubspot et de Notion ?\n\nExpérience:\n\n* Setting BtoB: 2 ans (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail hybride\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 1 500,00€ à 3 500,00€ par mois\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Management en restauration: 2 ans (Optionnel)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=43aebc26927fda0d","title":"Head of Sales Freelance H/F","company":"WEBINAIRE Agency","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"À partir de 54 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=43aebc26927fda0d","description":"Depuis 2016, *Mezaelle* est un acteur clé dans le domaine des formations innovantes en développement personnel et spirituel. Avec plus de 25 ans d’expertise, nous transformons la vie de milliers de personnes grâce à une approche unique et une communauté profondément engagée.\n\nAujourd’hui en pleine croissance, nous recherchons un(e) *Responsable Commercial B2C* pour accompagner notre développement et renforcer notre équipe Sales.\n\n*Merci de postuler via ce formulaire : https://screeching-fin-416.notion.site/22948ca924f5818eacc4da3f7d3c9e97?pvs=105*\n\n*Votre rôle :*\n\nRattaché(e) au COO, vous aurez la responsabilité de piloter et faire grandir le pôle commercial B2C. Vous jouerez un rôle central dans la structuration du process de vente, le développement de l’équipe et la maximisation de la conversion des leads générés.\n\nVotre objectif : *industrialiser et optimiser la performance commerciale* afin de soutenir notre croissance en chiffre d’affaires et en notoriété.\n\n*Vos missions :*\n\nEn tant que Responsable Commercial B2C, vous serez en charge de :\n\n*1/ Pilotage et stratégie commerciale*\n\n* Piloter le pipe HubSpot, établir les forecasts et suivre les KPIs clés (taux de conversion, vélocité, CAC, MRR, churn).\n* Définir et déployer une stratégie commerciale B2C orientée résultats et croissance.\n* Identifier et exploiter les leviers de cross-sell et upsell.\n\n*2/ Management et développement de l’équipe*\n\n* Recruter, coacher et faire monter en compétences une équipe de 5 à 10 Sales.\n* Manager par l’exemple : assurer un équilibre entre management et opérationnel.\n* Insuffler une culture de performance, d’excellence et de bienveillance au sein du pôle.\n\n*3/ Optimisation et automatisation*\n\n* Automatiser et améliorer les workflows, process et dashboards via HubSpot.\n* Mettre en place des A/B tests, analyser les résultats et partager les enseignements avec les équipes.\n* Contribuer à l’industrialisation et à la structuration des process commerciaux.\n\n*4/ Collaboration transversale*\n\n* Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le Marketing, le Produit et le Customer Success.\n* Garantir une expérience client fluide et favoriser la rétention.\n* Participer activement aux projets de croissance de l’entreprise.\n\n*Profil recherché :*\n\n*Expériences et compétences :*\n\n* Vous avez *au moins 5 ans d’expérience* en vente B2C au sein d’une startup ou scale-up (idéalement dans l’EdTech, la formation ou le SaaS).\n* Vous avez déjà managé avec succès une équipe de *10 commerciaux ou plus*, avec des résultats chiffrés et mesurables.\n* Vous maîtrisez *HubSpot (ou un CRM équivalent)*, Notion et Google Workspace.\n* Vous êtes à l’aise avec les KPIs, forecasts, OKR et dashboards.\n* Vous avez une forte culture data et une approche orientée résultats.\n\n*Qualités personnelles :*\n\n* Vous êtes *autonome, proactif(ve) et orienté(e) performance.*\n* Vous incarnez un *leadership naturel*, savez fédérer et inspirer vos équipes.\n* Vous êtes rigoureux(se), organisé(e) et attaché(e) à l’excellence opérationnelle.\n* Vous savez évoluer dans un environnement en hypercroissance, exigeant et agile.\n* Vous avez un *sens du collectif*, une communication claire et transparente.\n* Vous êtes *force de proposition* et aimez tester, apprendre et optimiser en continu.\n\n*Pourquoi nous rejoindre ?*\n\n* Une entreprise en pleine croissance, avec un fort impact positif sur la vie des clients.\n* Un rôle stratégique où vos actions auront un effet direct sur la performance et la notoriété de Mezaelle.\n* Une culture basée sur le respect, la confiance, la bienveillance et l’exigence.\n* Un environnement *full remote* avec des horaires flexibles et une grande autonomie.\n* Des perspectives d’évolution vers des projets B2B.\n\n*Modalités du poste :*\n\n* *Type de contrat :* Freelance long terme avec une disponibilité d’au moins 80%\n* *100% télétravail*\n* *Date de démarrage :* Dès que possible\n\n*Process de recrutement : *\n\n* *Candidature via ce formulaire: https://screeching-fin-416.notion.site/22948ca924f5818eacc4da3f7d3c9e97?pvs=105*\n* Entretien visio avec l’équipe recrutement\n* Réalisation d'un cas pratique\n* Entretien final avec la direction\n\nPrêt(e) à transformer l'éducation et la vie de milliers de personnes ? Postulez dès maintenant et écrivez la prochaine page de l'aventure Mezaelle !\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : à partir de 54 000,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Flextime\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=44857363fc13cf5d","title":"Marketing Operations - Manager / Senior Manager","company":"Veeva Systems","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=44857363fc13cf5d","description":"Team: Marketing\n\nCountry: France\n\nRemote Work Available: Yes\n\nVeeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.\n\nAt the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.\n\nAs a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.\n\nJoin us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.\n\nThe Role\n\nWe are looking for a passionate Marketing Operations Manager to join our talented Marketing team. This role will focus primarily on the strategic consulting supporting the execution of marketing campaigns owned by the field marketing team and oversees the automation process including campaign creation, nurturing and distribution. We are looking for an expert in Marketo marketing automation to segment our target prospects and ensure Veeva communications are sent to the right person at the right time.\n\nThis is a huge opportunity to help to build the technology, processes, and best practices to optimize marketing campaign performance. The ideal candidate must have proven working knowledge of Marketo marketing automation best practices, and marketing analytics.\nWhat You'll Do\nWill be responsible for analyzing and interpreting campaign trends to provide early insights into evolving best practices. Will research and proactively communicate new marketing automation trends to optimize channel outreach, program conversions, and overall target database engagement\nWill manage global campaign consulting services to guide our field marketers on how to build best practice campaign journeys, enhanced nurture programs, and persona-focused segmentation\nWill be responsible for establishing and maintaining strategic partnerships with key global marketing and sales stakeholders. Will proactively provide strategic recommendations for campaign performance enhancement and implementing solutions to reach quarterly marketing and sales performance objectives\nWill manage the development of recurring training and ongoing support of Marketo marketing automation topics such as persona-based data segmentation, Marketo engagement studio best practices, and email testing\nWill own the delivery of campaign performance metrics and provide proactive recommendations for maximizing funnel conversion, campaign influence, and spend optimization. Will be the primary lead for our Veeva Summit event reporting, fully capable of providing weekly and post-event analytics\nRequirements\n5+ years of experience in a fast-growth B2B enterprise software (SaaS) company supporting ABM campaign deployment and optimization with a strong understanding of key marketing concepts\nMarketo and Sigma (or equivalent) proven working knowledge/certification required\nStrong understanding of B2B enterprise marketing processes including campaign planning, execution, Q&A testing, and conversion metrics\nPersona-focused database segmentation and augmentation expertise\nStrong excel expertise\nAbility to build relationships working in a cross-functional global environment\nDemonstrates analytical capabilities by translating marketing data into insights through storytelling that drive impactful and measurable change\nCritical thinking, attention to detail, and problem-solving skills required\nHands-on, strong team player with a positive attitude and excellent oral and written English communication skills\nAbility to own and deliver on multiple strategic projects under aggressive timelines\nProven ability to excel in a dynamic, fast-paced environment\nBachelor's degree required\nNice to Have\nTableau desktop (creator) experience or equivalent\nBasic knowledge of SQL or other database expertise\nAdvanced technical skills in HTML coding, CSS, JavaScript\nDigital marketing knowledge: web tracking, Google Analytics\nVendor management experience\nLife sciences industry experience is a plus\nPerks & Benefits\nThe chance to work with a genuine market leader\nOpportunities for progression - the sky is the limit!\nIncredible support from the wider team, and a best-in-class tech stack to help you be successful in your role\nWork anywhere policy - Yes, you can utilize our office spaces, or work remotely when you need to\nA wide range of perks & benefits - Don’t just take our word for it, apply here and find out more!\n#RemoteFrance\n\nVeeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.\n\nAs an equal opportunity employer, Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.\n\nIf you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com.\nWork Where It’s Best for You\n\nWork Anywhere means you can work in an office or at home on any given day. It’s about getting the work done in the way and place that works best for each person. This applies across all locations and departments.\n\nWork Anywhere does not mean work at any time. We have predictable core hours where employees are generally available for meetings and collaboration. Employees are focused and available during core hours.\n\nWe invest in our offices to make them places where our employees like to go. If you work in the office three or more days a week, you will have a dedicated office workspace. Our offices function as hubs to draw people in, create social bonds, and where random connections and mixing of ideas happen. We’re investing more in offices, culture, and offsite meetings, not less.\n\nProduct teams are organized in regional product hubs for optimal collaboration and live within a time zone of their hub. Our current product hubs are located in Pleasanton, Columbus, Boston, Kansas City, New York City, Raleigh, and Toronto. We create opportunities for teams to get together in person regularly.\n\nCustomer-facing roles, such as Sales and Professional Services, live near and/or travel to their customers.\n\nWhen an employee moves within a country it does not cause a change in salary. Where you live impacts you and your family. Not knowing if your compensation will change if you move can cause stress and uncertainty for everyone. We wanted to eliminate that.\n\nWork at Veeva. Work where it’s best for you."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=455850c55a614edd","title":"Sales Development Representative (Freelance) H/F : Setting BtoB (en Transport & Logistique)","company":"Growth Hackerz","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=455850c55a614edd","description":"Envie de rejoindre un secteur stratégique et en pleine mutation ? Pour renforcer notre équipe, nous recherchons un(e) SDR freelance motivé(e) pour développer les opportunités commerciales auprès *d’acteurs du transport et de la logistique* (3PL, messagerie, transport international, digitalisation des flux), capable donc de mener à bien des missions de prospection et de closing en BtoB\n\n*Growth Hackerz* est une entreprise de croissance cross-canal. Nous proposons à divers clients dans des secteurs comme l’immobilier, la tech ou encore le conseil stratégique, un accompagnement personnalisé et des prestations sur-mesure afin de stimuler leur croissance.\n\n_*Les missions proposées :*_\n\nEn tant que SDR, tu seras principalement chargé(e) de la prospection commerciale et du suivi des opportunités afin de conclure de nouveaux partenariats avec des entreprises intéressées par nos services.\n\n* Prospection Téléphonique : Identifier des responsables logistiques, des directeurs supply chain ou achats\n* Gestion du processus de vente et suivi régulier des prospects\n* Travailler étroitement avec les équipes marketing et commerciales pour optimiser les leads et améliorer les stratégies de vente.\n* Reporting des résultats des campagnes de prospection\n\n_*Compétences requises :*_\n\n* Excellente capacité de communication et de persuasion, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit.\n* Expérience réussie en vente BtoB ou en prospection commerciale Transport & Logistique.\n* Comprendre les problématiques terrain : délais, traçabilité, optimisation des coûts\n* Capacité à travailler de manière autonome et à gérer son temps efficacement.\n* Capacité à Promouvoir des solutions tech (TMS, WMS, ERP) ou des offres de services logistiques\n* Connaissance des outils CRM (hubspot) et Notion\n\n_*Profil recherché :*_\n\n* Expérience préalable dans une fonction similaire (1-2 ans).\n* Connaissance du secteur Transport/Logistique ou intérêt fort pour le domaine\n* Excellente compréhension du cycle de vente BtoB et des stratégies Inbound et Outbound Marketing en environnement industriel ou de service.\n* Aisance à dialoguer avec des profils opérationnels et techniques\n* Maîtrise du Français\n* Autonome, proactif(ve) et orienté(e) résultats.\n* Capacité à adapter son discours selon le niveau de digitalisation du client\n\n*Disponibilité : ASAP (as soon as possible).*\n\n*Type d'emploi :* Freelance.\n\n*Durée :* à déterminer selon les missions\n\n*Jour de travail *: tous les après midi sauf le vendredi soit 4 demi-journées par semaine.\n\n*Rémunération :* *1500€ - 3500€/ Brut HT en fonction du contrat + performances par mois*\n\n*Lieu de Travail :* Hybride\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, Temps partiel\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n\n* Avez-vous une connaissance du logiciel Hubspot et de Notion ?\n\nExpérience:\n\n* Setting BtoB : 2 ans (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail hybride\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 1 500,00€ à 3 500,00€ par mois\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=45775704ff6ae572","title":"IT Procurement Manager","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=45775704ff6ae572","description":"We’re seeking a dynamic and strategic IT Procurement Manager to lead global sourcing, negotiation, and procurement across our IT and technology categories.\n\nBased in the A&O Shearman Belfast office, this is a high-impact role where you’ll act as a trusted advisor to senior stakeholders, drive value, and shape the future of our technology supply chain.\n\nWhat you will do\n\nServe as a procurement business partner to senior leaders across the firm.\n\nLead strategic sourcing initiatives and complex negotiations across global IT categories.\n\nAlign procurement strategies with broader business goals, including ESG and innovation.\n\nBuild and manage relationships with key suppliers to ensure performance and value delivery.\n\nProvide category insights and market intelligence to drive informed decision-making.\n\nCollaborate with vendor management and risk teams to ensure lifecycle and compliance excellence.\n\nDeputise for the Procurement Lead (IT) when required.\n\nWhat we are looking for\n\nProven experience in a procurement management role, ideally within a professional services or partnership environment.\n\nStrong track record across IT categories including software, hardware and services.\n\nDeep understanding of procurement best practices and commercial strategy.\n\nExcellent stakeholder engagement and influencing skills at senior levels.\n\nAnalytical, resilient, and comfortable navigating complexity and change.\n\nMCIPS qualification is desirable but not essential.\n\nWhy Join Us?\n\nBe part of a globally respected firm with a forward-thinking procurement function.\n\nWork on high-value, high-impact projects that shape the firm’s future.\n\nEnjoy a collaborative, inclusive, and flexible working culture.\n\nCompetitive salary and benefits package.\n\nReady to make your mark in global IT procurement?\n\nApply now and bring your expertise to a team that values innovation, integrity, and impact.\n\nWhat truly defines a career with us? We recruit the best and ask for the best of you. And together, we will redefine success.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise the value of flexible working and embrace hybrid working, allowing our people to work from home up to 40% of their working time. We do however remain committed to working together in person for the remaining 60% of time so that we can learn, grow and succeed together."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=49d605c1e1939d57","title":"Staff Product Designer SDKs (mobile)","company":"Stream","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=49d605c1e1939d57","description":"Stream (GetStream.io) is a fast-growing startup providing SDKs for activity feeds, in-app chat, and voice/video. Our APIs and SDKs power over a billion end-users across thousands of apps, including Strava, Nextdoor, Patreon, and Adobe.\n\nLocation: Amsterdam. We also support remote work (with a preference for EU) for exceptional candidates. Periodic travel between offices for team collaboration is encouraged.\n\nRelocation and visa sponsorship is possible.\n\nWhat will you work on\n\nWe’re looking for an experienced Staff Product Designer to own and elevate the design of our Frontend SDKs. You’ll create design systems, refine developer experiences, and ensure that every interaction—across iOS, Android and Web—feels polished, consistent, and delightful.\n\nThis role offers significant autonomy and impact: you’ll be shaping the UX of tools used by a global developer community and some of the most exciting apps on the market.\n\nJob Responsibilities\n\nDefine and own the design vision for our mobile SDKs (chat, video and activity feeds), balancing user needs, developer experience, and business priorities.\n\nCraft and maintain a scalable design system in Figma that aligns with both iOS Human Interface Guidelines and Material Design patterns.\n\nEnsure consistency across SDKs, platforms, and product surfaces—code-level UI, documentation, sample apps, and onboarding flows.\n\nCollaborate closely with engineers to ship SDK features, onboarding flows, and other customer-facing improvements.\n\nElevate quality standards by conducting design reviews, ensuring accessibility, performance, and platform-native feel.\n\nLead end-to-end design for new features and improvements – from user research and ideation through prototyping, visual/UI design, and iterative refinement.\n\nDrive innovation and excellence in design: establish best practices and maintain a world-class design system.\n\nMentor and collaborate with other designers to foster a high-performance, user-focused design culture.\n\nAbout You\n\n7+ years of experience in product design, with a strong portfolio showcasing end-to-end product ownership..\n\nExcellence across design disciplines: visual design, systems thinking, user research, and UX writing.\n\nDeep understanding of developer workflows or the ability to simplify complex concepts for technical users.\n\nBias for action and ability to deliver at startup speed while maintaining quality.\n\nCollaborative and feedback-driven mindset, thriving in cross-functional teams.\n\nPassion for making complex technology feel simple and accessible.\n\nExpert Figma skills—components, variants, auto-layout, prototyping, and design system creation.\n\nDeep knowledge of iOS Human Interface Guidelines and Material Design with a proven ability to design for platform-specific patterns.\n\nDemonstrated ability to deliver consistent, high-quality experiences across multiple platforms.\n\nStrong collaboration skills—comfortable working closely with engineers on feasibility, performance, and implementation details.\n\nRelentless attention to detail—from pixel precision to micro-interactions.\n\nOur tech stack\n\nAt Stream, we use a wide collection of technologies to offer highly optimized and available features to our customers. Here is a shortlist of the technology that we currently use:\n\nGo, gRPC, RocksDB, Python\n\nPostgresql, RabbitMQ\n\nAWS, Puppet, CloudFormation\n\nGrafana, Graphite, ELK, Jaeger\n\nRedis, Memcached]\n\nWhat makes this role exciting?\n\nDirect impact in shaping the future of developer tools used by companies building with Stream\n\nSmall, high-trust team with fewer roadblocks, tremendous autonomy and a chance to see your ideas make a material impact on the growth of the business\n\nYou’ll solve meaningful problems for a technical audience that values elegant solutions\n\nYou’ll get access to the tools you need to be successful\n\nTravel to Boulder for regular collaboration\n\nWhy join Stream?\n\nHistory of success. From Amsterdam to Boulder and Techstars in-between, Stream has raised over $58.25M to build the best Chat Messaging & Activity Feed infrastructure available, with best-in-class support.\n\nFreedom and endless growth opportunities. As a rapidly growing startup (since 2020 we have gone from 30 to 150 employees), Stream gives you unique personal and professional growth opportunities. The opportunity of true ownership and accountability has a massive impact on your career. These are the things you can rarely experience in huge corporations.\n\nBe on the front line of progress and innovation. While working with cutting-edge technology, we are passionate about tackling difficult tech problems at scale and creating reusable components for them, empowering engineering teams to ship apps faster, more securely, and with a better user experience.\n\nThey believe in us: Stream is backed by leading VC companies (Felicis Ventures, GGV Capital, 01.Advisors, Techstars, Arthur Ventures), including backers like Dick Costolo (01 Advisors, ex-CEO of Twitter), Olivier Pomel (CEO of Datadog), Tom Preston-Werner (Co-Founder of GitHub), Nicolas Dessaigne (Co-Founder of Algolia), Johnny Boufarhat (Founder and CEO of Hopin).\n\nWhat we have to offer you\n\nStream employees enjoy some of the best job benefits in the industry:\n\nA team of exceptional engineers\n\nThe chance to work on OSS projects\n\nFully loaded MacBook Pro, 5K display\n\n28 days paid time off plus paid Dutch holidays\n\nCompany equity\n\nA pension scheme\n\nHybrid work flexibility (3 days in-office)\n\nA Learning and Development budget\n\nCommute coverage: NS business card or a company bike\n\nFitness stipend\n\nBi-weekly in-office chair massages by a professional\n\nHealthy catered team lunches and plenty of snacks\n\nA generous relocation package, visa sponsorship and 30% ruling support\n\nAn office in the heart of Amsterdam\n\nThe opportunity to attend or present at global conferences and meetups\n\nThe possibility to visit our office in Boulder, CO\n\nNote: this list of job benefits applies to Netherlands-based employees and is adjusted per your location of residence.\n\nOur culture\n\nStream has a casual social culture, our team is diverse and we all have different backgrounds. Now, Stream is a team of over 140+ peers from over 35 countries across the globe.\n\nWe value transparency, aim for excellence, and support each other on our way to new victories.\n\nOur team consists of the strongest talents worldwide, making Stream a great place to learn and improve your skills.\n\nWhen it comes to software engineering jobs, our culture is oriented towards ownership and quality: our goal is to deliver stable software.\n\nIf you are interested in becoming a part of what we do, apply for this vacancy now!\n\nHybrid office policy: applicants based (or relocating to) one of our office locations are expected to work according to the applicable local office attendance policy.\n\nEqual opportunity employer statement: Stream provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.\n\nThis policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.\n\nNote for external recruiters: We currently have this role covered and do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. We are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a758d307f452db6","title":"Trust & Safety Program Manager","company":"Social Discovery Group","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a758d307f452db6","description":"Social Discovery Group (https://socialdiscoverygroup.com/about-us) (SDG) is the 3rd largest social discovery company in the world, uniting 60+ brands with 500 million users. We solve the problems of loneliness, isolation, and disconnection by transforming virtual intimacy into the new normal. Our portfolio includes online communication platforms focusing on AI, game mechanics, and video streaming - Dating.com, DateMyAge, Cupid Media, Dil Mil, Kiseki, and others.\n\nSDG invests in IT startups around the world. Our investments include Open AI, Patreon, Flo, Clubhouse, Woebot, Flure, Astry, Coursera, Academia.edu, and many others.\n\nWe bring together a team of like-minded people and IT professionals specializing in the creation and development of globally impactful social discovery products. Our international team of 1200 professionals and digital nomads works all over the world.\n\nOur teams of digital nomads work remotely from Cyprus, Malta, the USA, Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Montenegro, Poland, Latvia, Serbia, Spain, Portugal, UAE, Israel, Turkey, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and many other locations.\n\nIn August 2024, we achieved Great Place to Work US Certification™! This achievement reflects our core belief that a truly exceptional workplace is built on trust, pride, and camaraderie—not just great perks.\n\nWe are looking for a Trust & Safety Program Manager to join our team.\n\nYour main tasks will be:\n\nExecute strategy: Translate strategic direction (set by Head of T&S) into detailed projects, processes, and timelines.\nSystemise fraud prevention: Build scalable workflows for scam/fake detection, user verification, and abuse handling.\nAutomation & tooling: Evaluate and implement tools/automation (in-house or third-party) for fraud signals, account reviews, and reporting dashboards.\nCross-team coordination: Work closely with engineering, product, CS, and compliance teams to embed safety processes without blocking growth.\nMetrics tracking & reporting: Build dashboards, monitor KPIs, and report progress to leadership.\nKnowledge transfer: Act as internal subject-matter mentor to raise overall T&S maturity across the company.\n\nWe expect from you:\n\nProven track record of designing and scaling T&S processes (fraud queues, case management, confidence thresholds, automated rules, vendor workflows).\nProject/program management: Strong skills in execution, prioritization, and cross-functional alignment.\nTech literacy: Familiarity with fraud detection tools, scoring systems, or ML/automation frameworks (not as a builder, but as an implementer/operator).\nAnalytical mindset: Ability to define KPIs, run A/B tests, and distinguish between false positives vs genuine risk.\nEnglish B2+.\n\nWhat do we offer:\n\nREMOTE OPPORTUNITY to work full time;\nVacation 28 calendar days per year;\n7 wellness days per year (time off) that can be used to deal with household issues, to lie down and recover without taking sick leave;\nBonuses up to $5000 for recommending successful applicants for positions in the company;\n50% payment for professional training, international conferences and meetings;\nCorporate discount for English lessons;\nHealth benefits. According to the paychecks, if you are not eligible for corporate medical insurance, the company will compensate you with up to $ 1,000 gross per year per employee. This can be spent on self-purchase of health insurance or on doctor's fees for yourself and close relatives (spouse, children);\nWorkplace organization. The company provides all employees with an equipped workplace and all the necessary equipment (table, armchair, wifi, etc.) in our offices or co-working locations. In the other locations, the company provides reimbursement of workplace costs up to $ 1000 gross once every 3 years, according to the paychecks. This money can be spent on the rent of the co-working room, on equipping the working place at home (desk, chair, Internet, etc.) during those 3 years;\nInternal gamified gratitude system: receive bonuses from colleagues and exchange them for merch, team building activities, massage certificates, etc.\n\nSounds good? Join us now!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4cfeda21c93c5cd2","title":"Senior Data Scientist (EU Timezones Only)","company":"FABULOUS","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4cfeda21c93c5cd2","description":"The Data Science Team\n\nYou will be part of the data science team. We work cross-functionally with other teams to bring data-driven impact to Fabulous and its business units like Product Growth, User Acquisition and Finance.\n\nPractically the team handles 3 data areas:\n\nData Project Management: Based on business needs, we sort requests, refine requirements and ACs with business and/or data stakeholders, prioritise, plan and executive while communicating proactive and frequently to ensure visibility and a well connected feedback loop with involved parties (reviewer, data stakeholder, business stakeholder)\nApplied Analytics & Data Science: Data Exploration, Defining appropriate and agile analytics approach. We aim for simplicity and interpretability but don't shy away from complexity when faced with it. All new projects have a strong Data Science component during the first MVP iteration\nAnalytics Engineering: Data Modelling and Transformations to serve build, maintain and scale our Analytics Pipelines. Practically, as soon as an MVP gets validated by different stakeholders, we start implementing it and improving it iteratively in our dbt project. Testing and data observability is a highly important component. Proper architecture that helps manage TechDebt is another key element here as well.\n\nAll members of the team are expected to excel in all three areas to be autonomously impactful.\n\nWe work in an agile manner by splitting bigger projects into iterations that rarely expand beyond 3 weeks to ensure impact.\n\nWe have a modern cloud-based Data-Stack (Fivetran - Big Query - dbt - Amplitude - Metabase - Looker Studio) and want to consolidate our ranks with a capable well-rounded Senior Data Scientist who can integrate our agile context smoothly and bring value quickly.\n\nExpectations | Duties\n\nThis role is highly critical to the continuous success of the data science team:\n\nYou will work on diverse high priority business projects to make Fabulous more data driven. Those projects will be in close collaboration with business teams and will aim for clear and tangible business impact like (improving accuracy of metrics, analytically exploring new growth perspectives, building well-tested analytics reporting pipelines, investigating and correcting data discrepancies, applying statistics and ML effectively...)\nYou will be responsible for contributing effectively to our code base: building, testing, reviewing and maintaining solid analytics pipelines using SQL and dbt. Help managing TechDebt and improving engineering practices and the project's architecture are also important responsibilities for this role.\nYou are expected to gradually own some aspects of the team's responsibilities (some parts of the code base, become the main point of contact with at least one business team, have a strong saying in how the analytics project's architecture should evolve, contribute to team's evolution and continuous growth...)\nYou will be expected to speak up your mind and contribute proactively and effectively to improving the team's practices, cohesion, impact and mission\nYou are expected to be highly autonomous and show a sense of ownership and ability to effectively manage your own projects and stakeholders. This should be fulfilled with minimum guidance from the Head of Data & Analytics\nYou will help mentoring more junior members and sharing knowledge and practices within the team to level up everyone's skills\nYou are expected to contribute effectively to our functional documentation in a way that is clear, concise and useful for future collaborators and readers\n\nRequirements\n\nUniversity Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or Applied Mathematics\nA minimum of 4 years of experience in applied Data Science with strong engineering component\nAt least 2 years of previous hands-on experience with Digital Marketing/User Acquisition (aka UA) (attribution, iOS privacy & SKAN, UA metrics reporting) or Product/Growth (AB-testing, Retention, Monetisation...)\nExcellent SQL skills with previous experience building data models for analytics purposes using dbt or a similar data transformation tool that emphasises on good engineering practices and system architecture\nExcellent Engineering skills (testing, clean coding, peer-reviewing, CD/CI, git workflows, agile workflows, etc…)\nSelf-Starter with the ability to work autonomously and own and manage your projects fully (also manage your stakeholders and the communication with them)\nExcellent written and verbal communication skills (English)\nComfortable in a remote work environment (we are a remote-first organisation)\nPrior experience with some of the tools we use in our Data-Stack (Amplitude, dbt, BigQuery, Metabase) - or similar ones\nPrior experience in an agile start-up environment\n\nBenefits\n\nAbout Us\n\nAn award-winning health, wellness, & coaching company that creates apps which fall the top ten internationally. Our science-based approach sits squarely in the tech-for-good lane, helping people live their best lives. Everyone who has joined this company is committed to using evidence-based research to find the absolute best ways to change lives for the better.\n\nOur History\n\nThree co-founders created the Fabulous app: Sami, Amine, and Taylor. Growing up in Tunisia, Sami and Amine were only 16 when they met. With their early iteration, they reached out to Taylor, an award-winning designer in Malaysia. Their vision was welcomed into an incubation lab for startups at Duke University led by world-renowned Behavioral Economics Professor Dan Ariely. Our Chief Storyteller Jaz co-founded the Introductory Psychology program at Stanford University.\n\nOur Approach\n\nWe use a behavioral economics lens to help individuals find that 'on switch' inside them to achieve their fullest potential. What has emerged is a system that transforms tiny habits into profound long-term changes. A world in which people with ADHD thrive. A method for gratitude to reach through difficulty. A sanctuary to seek out your true purpose. A fountain of knowledge. A space for rest and self compassion.\n\nOur Mission\n\nHelp every individual discover the wonderful person inside themselves by creating: beautiful, evidence-based, life-changing products.\n\nOur Environment\n\nThe first thing that sets us apart is that we’re not a place at all. While we’re a remote company, it’s not unusual to feel you know your teammates better than those you’ve shared an office with in the past. Ours is a professionally nourishing environment that is flexible and fully remote. Team members enjoy in house challenges and Slack event and work across a variety of tools. Meetings are kept to a minimum and deep work is encouraged.\n\nOur Awards\nApple Best Apps of 2018\nEditor’s app choice in more than 30 countries\nWinner of Google’s Material Design Award\nBest App Finalist in Google Play Awards\nConsistently ranking in the top ten Health & Fitness apps\nBacked by Facebook Startup Lab and Microsoft Venture\n\nOur Norms\n\nOwnership: Be the CEO of your tasks. No one is watching over your shoulder. Be the proof.\n\nOpen Communication: Constructive ideas are always flying across time zones.\n\nDeep Work: Disconnect. Find your flow. Become industrious. It’s about the work here.\n\nAlways Offer Context: Sharing rationale works wonders in asynchronous conversations.\n\nImpeccable Agreement: Promise, then follow through. Everyone relies on everyone.\n\nEgos are checked at the door. Those who join our workforce place themselves in service of our members.\n\nOur Values\n\n#collaboration #craftsmanship #feedback #respect #responsibility #simplicity #speed\n\nOur Future\n\nTo this day, over 30 million people have started their journey to better themselves with our apps. We are creating a generation of change-makers, with the same drive to help others, each in their own way.\n\nOur Invitation\n\nAt Fabulous, every team member is a sculptor in their own right. Together, we help millions of users step out of their block of stone and step into the fullest version of their life through behavioral science. Tell us what drives you; if you were to pick up your tools, what would you contribution look like?"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4deb519161cf6b32","title":"Junior Legal Counsel, Contracts & Compliance","company":"Scoreplay","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4deb519161cf6b32","description":"Description\n\nAs a Junior Legal Counsel, Contracts & Compliance at ScorePlay, you will help us build a scalable legal and compliance function to support our rapid growth.\n\nThis role is designed for a junior professional with 1-2 years of experience in contracts, compliance, or data protection who is eager to learn, take ownership of operational tasks, and grow with the company.\n\nYou will be responsible for reviewing and administering customer contracts, supporting compliance workflows, and ensuring smooth, timely responses to client requests. Reporting to our Senior Legal Counsel, you’ll work collaboratively with Sales, RevOps, and DevOps team to ensure efficient, compliant deal cycles that support ScorePlay’s continued expansion.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nReview and redline small and mid-size commercial contracts (e.g., NDAs, MSAs, Service Agreements).\nMaintain organized records of executed agreements.\nSupport process improvements and contribute to developing scalable templates.\nManage first-line responses to customer security and compliance questionnaires, RFPs, and due diligence requests.\nAssist in preparing and maintaining evidence for SOC 2 and GDPR compliance.\nEnsure compliance documentation is up to date and easily accessible.\nWork closely with the Legal & Compliance Lead to provide operational support and continuity.\nPartner with Sales & RevOps to enable smooth deal cycles.\nLiaise with client legal and operational teams on day-to-day contracting and compliance requests.\n\nQualifications & Skills\n\n1-2 years of experience in contracts, compliance, or data protection\nFamiliarity with B2B contracts (NDAs, MSAs, SLAs)\nStrong written and spoken English; additional European languages (e.g., French) are a plus\nDetail-oriented, rigorous, and organized\nCurious with a strong learning mindset\nExperience with SaaS contracts or compliance frameworks (e.g., SOC 2) is an advantage\nThis position is remote, and we welcome candidates located across Europe, with a small preference for those based in the UK.\n\nWhy would you want this role?\n\nAt ScorePlay, you’ll join a fast-growing startup transforming the sports industry with market-changing potential. You’ll be given ownership, autonomy, and the opportunity to learn in a fast-paced environment where there’s always more to explore and build. This is your chance to grow in a dynamic setting, shape the future of legal at a rapidly-scaling company, and develop your career path towards, compliance, privacy, or another specialization as ScorePlay evolves.\n\nAbout ScorePlay\nScorePlay is revolutionizing sports media by transforming how content is captured, managed, and delivered. Founded in 2021, our AI-powered SaaS platform streamlines workflows for over 200 customers including top Premier League, Ligue 1, and LaLiga clubs, alongside major leagues and federations like UEFA, LFP, FIBA, and CAF.\n\nWith 3x year-over-year growth and 100% retention, we're backed by 20VC, Seven Seven Six, and elite athletes like Kevin Durant, Raphaël Varane, Mario Götze, Edouard Mendy, and more. ScorePlay is at the forefront of modern sports storytelling, with its approach to empower organizations through dynamic technology to connect athletes, broadcasters, and sponsors worldwide, empowering organizations to engage fans in real time."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4f5c6748ca050e32","title":"Senior Product Manager - Saas 100% Remote","company":"Innocraft","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4f5c6748ca050e32","description":"Hello — Help Shape the Future of Ethical Analytics\n\nMatomo is entering a bold new chapter — becoming enterprise-ready, deepening our leadership across key markets, and evolving how we connect with customers globally. We are seeking a hands-on, strategic Senior Product Manager to help lead this transformation.\n\nIf you are passionate about solving real customer problems, driving privacy-first product innovation, and embedding human-centred design into everything you do, this is your opportunity.\n\nPlease apply with english resume!\n\nAbout InnoCraft and Matomo\n\nAt InnoCraft, we’re building a more ethical, privacy-first digital world. As the leading open-source web analytics platform, Matomo powers over 1 million websites and apps in 190+ countries, offering organisations the insights they need while maintaining full data ownership and user trust.\n\nWe believe in openness, privacy, and transparency. Every month, our platform processes billions of data points — transforming complex information into intuitive, powerful reports that delight users. Matomo is available in 50+ languages and supported by a global, fully remote community with strong hubs in New Zealand, Europe, and Canada.\n\nWe are proud to be:\n\n- Privacy-Focused: Ethical analytics that prioritise user privacy and regulatory compliance.\n\n- Open Source Driven: Transparent, community-powered innovation at the heart of everything we do.\n\n- Globally Connected: A rich, multicultural environment where diverse perspectives drive better outcomes.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nThis is a strategic, customer-facing role focused on discovering and delivering high-impact solutions for our most complex enterprise users, partners, and community.\n\nGrounded in human-centred design and design thinking principles, you’ll bring structured creativity and deep empathy to solve real user problems — from discovery through delivery.\n\nYou’ll collaborate closely with senior leaders, development teams, and Product Owners to shape Matomo’s enterprise roadmap, while spending time in the field connecting directly with decision-makers, users, and partners.\n\nYou’ll champion the voice of the customer throughout the product lifecycle, using design thinking methodologies (empathise, define, ideate, prototype, test) to de-risk product decisions and build solutions people truly want and need.\n\nYou’ll also sharpen our Ideal Customer Profile (ICP), ensuring features and workflows are built for the right users and deliver maximum value.\nAt the same time, you'll help elevate our product management discipline — improving rituals, delivery practices, and product culture maturity.\n\nThis role sits at the intersection of product innovation, customer engagement, localised go-to-market execution, and brand evangelism — requiring strong in-region presence and the ability to influence across time zones in an asynchronous, collaborative environment.\n\nAbout you ✨\n\n- Customer Champion: You’re obsessed with solving real customer problems through human-centred design and relentless empathy. From discovery to delivery, you're the voice of the user.\n\n- Strategic Thinker & Doer: You're as comfortable running design sprints and prototyping ideas as you are aligning roadmaps with OKRs. Big picture meets tactical execution—you're in the sweet spot.\n\n- Privacy Evangelist: GDPR, ePrivacy, Privacy by Design—these aren't just buzzwords; they're your core values. You champion ethical analytics and know how to turn privacy into a product advantage.\n\n- Cross-Functional Guru: Working seamlessly with Sales, Marketing, Engineering, and Customer Success teams across multiple time zones is your superpower. You’re a collaborative force that breaks down silos.\n\n- Analytical Innovator: You balance intuition with data-driven decision-making, always validating your assumptions and measuring success. Evidence-backed proposals and measurable outcomes are your trademark.\n\nWhat You'll Lead and Execute\n\nCustomer-Centric Product Discovery\n\n- Engage directly with key enterprise customers across Europe to understand their full ecosystem — from procurement and compliance to workflows, integrations, and user outcomes.\n\n- Apply human-centred design and design thinking to uncover unmet needs and pain points.\n\n- Map and prioritise buyer personas and user needs to influence product roadmaps and guide go-to-market alignment.\n\n- Run co-creation workshops and design sprints to ideate and test solutions quickly.\n\n- Validate hypotheses through continuous discovery, prototyping, and real-world feedback.\n\n- Help define and evolve Matomo’s Ideal Customer Profile (ICP) to align product strategy with high-value users.\n\nIn-Market GTM Localisation & Cross-Functional Collaboration\n\n- Partner closely with Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success in key markets (Europe and North America) to co-develop localised launch strategies, messaging, and adoption plans.\n\n- Translate regional findings into scalable enablement and product adoption strategies.\n\n- Provide insights into local pain points, feature gaps, and regulatory concerns to ensure market fit.\n\nStrategic Product Leadership\n\n- Lead the end-to-end Enterprise product discovery funnel — from early ideas to validated solutions.\n\n- Collaborate with the Head of Product and Product Committee to align product strategy with customer needs, regional regulations, and competitive landscape.\n\n- Balance intuition and evidence using structured tools such as value sizing and cost-benefit assessments.\n\n- Navigate competing stakeholder inputs to drive prioritisation and alignment.\n\n- Drive roadmap execution across development squads, ensuring impact, responsiveness, and measurable outcomes.\n\n- Balance open-source and enterprise customer needs to maintain a cohesive, scalable platform experience.\n\n- Align priorities, OKRs, and delivery rhythms across squads for consistent execution.\n\nProduct and Brand Evangelism\n\n- Represent Matomo at key industry conferences, webinars, and events.\n\n- Engage with enterprise prospects, partners, and influencers to share Matomo’s vision and strategy.\n\n- Act as a public-facing thought leader bridging market needs with internal teams.\n\n- Build strong feedback loops between market signals and product planning.\n\nRigorous Analysis & Evidence-Based Decision Making\n\n- Conduct competitive and market research to identify differentiation opportunities.\n\n- Deliver evidence-backed proposals trusted by the Product Committee and stakeholders.\n\n- Define clear success metrics and ensure features deliver measurable value and ROI.\n\nFoster Continuous Improvement\n\n- Champion a culture of experimentation, learning, and iteration across teams.\n\n- Embed design thinking into every stage of discovery and delivery.\n\n- Mentor Product Owners and Designers to elevate empathy-driven discovery practices.\n\n- Raise product management standards — improving rituals, discovery, backlog management, and cross-functional collaboration.\n\n- Proactively address UX and product design gaps by facilitating co-design workshops or coordinating external experts.\n\n- Embed structured prioritisation, hypothesis validation, and user research approaches.\n\nBecome a Matomo Expert\n\n- Develop deep product knowledge across Matomo’s architecture, capabilities, and value proposition.\n\n- Stay ahead of evolving privacy and data protection laws (GDPR, ePrivacy) and embed compliance into the product.\n\n- Track enterprise analytics trends to shape long-term product strategy.\n\nKey Success Metrics\n\n- Drive Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR) and expansion revenue through enterprise feature adoption.\n\n- Deliver high-impact features that increase customer value, revenue growth, and product differentiation.\n\n- Improve trial-to-customer conversion through better onboarding, activation, and early value delivery.\n\n- Boost product adoption, retention, and reduce churn through user-centric design.\n\n- Improve Time to Value (TTV), Net Promoter Score (NPS), and Customer Satisfaction (CSAT).\n\n- Increase roadmap delivery predictability and squad alignment on strategic goals.\n\n- Balance discovery and delivery to validate user needs and reduce risk.\n\n- Align product initiatives with OKRs — privacy-first design, localisation, enterprise readiness.\n\n- Strengthen collaboration across Product, Engineering, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Success.\n\n- Act as a brand and product evangelist to grow Matomo’s visibility and ethical leadership.\n\nMinimum qualifications\n\n- Business-level proficiency in English and German or French.\n\n- 7+ years of experience leading product management for complex B2B SaaS or data platforms.\n\n- Human-Centred Design Expertise: Deep knowledge of design thinking principles applied to product development.\n\n- Strong Leadership & Mentorship: Track record of guiding cross-functional teams and mentoring product professionals.\n\n- Privacy-First Mindset: Experience embedding Privacy by Design principles; strong knowledge of GDPR and ePrivacy.\n\n- Exceptional Communication: Outstanding storytelling and communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences.\n\n- Collaborative & Empathetic: Passionate about building transparent, user-first experiences with strong empathy.\n\n- Remote Work Experience: Skilled in remote, distributed teams across multiple time zones, using Jira, Confluence, ProductBoard, Miro, or similar tools.\n\n- Customer-to-Tech Bridge: Proven ability to translate customer needs into technical execution.\n\n- Education: Degree in Computer Science, Economics, Design, Business, or a related field, or equivalent professional experience.\n\nBenefits\n\n- Competitive Salary Package(based on experience)\n\n- Fully remote and flexible work environment\n\n- Generous paid leave and holiday policies\n\n- Professional development and leadership growth opportunities\n\n- Co-working space paid for and/or work from home\n\n- Home office equipment supplied\n\n- Flexible hours\n\n- A huge “playground” to grow your skill set\n\n- Volunteering Day: Empower Your Impact\n\n- Bereavement Leave for Pets: Compassion Beyond Boundaries\n\n- Training Opportunities\n\n- Mental Health Support Services\n\nLocation\n\n- 100% Remote work position\n\n- Must be Located in France or Germany\n\n- The role will require 1-2 hours per week of meetings outside regular EU office hours with flexibility to arrange around your personal commitments\n\nDiversity and Inclusion\n\nAt Matomo, we celebrate the things that make you, _you_. We are an inclusive employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, or disability.\n\nWe actively seek diversity in our workplace and embrace individuals with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities.\n\nCome join our growing team and help build a safer, privacy-first web!\n\n#LI-Remote\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4f7f8a2ff5eeec9a","title":"Senior Software Engineer - Core Entities team - Remote from Portugal","company":"Aircall","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a year ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4f7f8a2ff5eeec9a","description":"France RemoteEngineering – 13001 - Engineering /Permanent Full Time Employee /Remote\n\nAircall is the world’s leading integrated customer communications and intelligence platform for growing businesses. Trusted by over 20,000 companies worldwide, Aircall unifies voice and digital channels into one seamless platform, offering one-click integrations with leading CRMs and over 100 business tools. With real-time, AI-powered insights and feedback, AI agents, and automation, we help sales and support teams save time on routine tasks, uncover opportunities, and deliver exceptional customer experiences. With a global team of 600+ across nine offices, Paris, New York, San Francisco, Sydney, Madrid, London, Berlin, Seattle, Mexico City, Aircall is transforming how businesses connect with their customers, driving smarter conversations, deeper relationships, and measurable success.\n\nHow We Work at Aircall: At Aircall, we believe in customer obsession, continuous learning, and delivering extraordinary outcomes. We value open collaboration, taking ownership, and making smart, informed decisions with speed and precision. If you thrive in a fast-paced, team-driven environment where curiosity, trust, and impact matter, you'll fit right in\n\nWe are looking for an engaged and passionate Senior Software Engineer to join our growing engineering department and be part of our Core Platform team.\n\nYou will be responsible for the design, development, deployment, and operation of business-critical features that add customer value. Operational excellence, metrics, observability and best practices, evangelization, and mentoring in your team and across the whole of Engineering will be part of your day to day job.\n\nUsing Ruby and Typescripts back-end stacks, appropriate for each requirement, but always hosted on AWS, we build added value and resilient services on top of voice and fully integrate with our customers’ business critical tools (CRM, Helpdesk, E-Commerce, …).\nAs a Senior Software Engineer you will:\nBuild and operate distributed, real-time services powering core of our product\nUsing Ruby and Typescript / Node.js, build, test and deploy applications and systems\nOwn meaningful parts of our service, have an impact, grow with the company\nLead architectural decisions for new and existing services\nDrive projects that increase platform’s resilience and scalability\nParticipate in an on-call rotation to respond to critical system issues and ensure continuous system reliability\nA little about you:\nYou have at least 5+ years of experience in back-end development with some of those languages Ruby / Ruby On Rails / Typescript / NodeJS, with a focus on delivering for security, scalability, reliability and performance.\nYou have worked extensively with AWS in a production environment, preferably for high volume / high availability services and understand how to design for, deploy on and get the best out of, the environment and services provided by Amazon).\nAutonomous with a proven track record in delivering complex projects in time and scope\nDesire to work in a fast paced, high-growth tech first environment\nWe know that success comes from smart work and deserves to be recognized and rewarded\n\nWe value people who are bold, ambitious, collaborative and customer-centric. We’re a global community growing together.\n\nIf you love a good challenge, enjoy solving meaningful problems, and want to be a part of one of the fastest-growing B2B startups, then Aircall is the company you are looking for!\nAircall offers a unique work environment and the chance to collaborate with diverse teammates across continents. We'll provide freedom and tools to allow you to thrive at your best, and foster an environment you can do it in.\n\nWhy join us?\n\n   Key moment to join Aircall in term of growth and opportunities\n  ‍ ️ Our people matter, work-life balance is important at Aircall\n   Fast-learning environment, entrepreneurial and strong team spirit\n   45+ Nationalities: cosmopolite & multi-cultural mindset\n   Competitive salary package & benefits (health coverage, lunch, commute, sports)\n\nDE&I Statement:\nAt Aircall, we believe diversity, equity and inclusion, irrespective of origins, identity, background and orientations, are core to our Aircall journey.\nWe promote active inclusion to foster a strong sense of belonging which is one of our main strengths as a business. We strive to assemble diverse people that can enrich and learn from each other. We pledge to make sure everyone not only has a seat at the table but is valued at the table - providing equal opportunities to develop and thrive.\nWe will constantly challenge ourselves to make sure that we live up to our ambitions around diversity, equity and inclusion, and keep this conversation open because we realize that we have work to do and much to learn.\n\nWant to know more about candidate privacy? Find our Candidate Privacy Notice here.\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=52686cea85d3500b","title":"Sr Territory Sales Manager, Bioprocessing - EMEA","company":"Donaldson","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=52686cea85d3500b","description":"Donaldson is committed to solving the world’s most complex filtration challenges. Together, we make cool things. As an established technology and innovation leader, we are continuously evolving to meet the filtration needs of our changing world. Join a culture of collaboration and innovation that matters and a chance to learn, effect change, and make meaningful contributions at work and in communities.\n\nThe Senior Territory Sales Manager, Bioprocessing - EMEA will be focused on maximizing sales and actively seeking to generate new business according to set targets. Under direction from the EMEA Sales Leader, the TSM will work closely with Field Applications Specialists, Inside Sales and other key areas of the business such as Project Managers, Sales Support and the After-Sales teams.\n\nThis position is ideal for someone with proven experience in driving new business growth and successfully managing large-scale projects within a matrix organization. The role will primarily cover France and other French speaking countries within EMEA region, with the possibility of additional regions depending on the candidate’s expertise. It is a remote position, with a preference for candidates based in France, though applicants from the Western Europe with relevant experience will also be considered.\n\nRole Responsibilities:\n\nLead sales within the region with drive, energy, and urgency to identify, create and maximize opportunities\nActive use of CRM for prospecting, new lead generation, Opportunity and Pipeline management and KPI tracking within target markets\nProvide accurate and timely pipeline, forecast and monthly reporting to include customer and competitor feedback\nEnsure product and market knowledge is continually up to date\nTake responsibility for responding to operational situations to ensure best results and clear communication internally and with clients\nPreparing and delivering on territory sales and marketing strategies.\nTravelling to customer sites within the assigned territory when required.\nClearly explaining company products, services and value propositions.\nCreating brand awareness within the assigned territory.\nMaintaining a healthy pre and post sales relationship with customers.\n\nTRAVEL: Up to 50%\n\nMinimum Qualifications:\n\nBachelor’s degree in a related field or at least 7+ years of technical sales experience\n5+ years of technical sales experience\nFluent in English\n\nPreferred Qualifications:\n\nPrevious experience with bioprocessing equipment\nEngineering degree would be beneficial\nPrevious Life Sciences experience would be highly preferred\nExcellent oral and written communication skills.\nDetail-oriented with strong organization and analytical skills.\nExceptional customer service skills.\nStrong negotiation and interpersonal skills.\nCustomer-oriented with a focus on problem-solving.\nAbility to work under pressure and prioritize tasks.\nAbility to work in both a team environment or individually as required.\n\n#LI-GP1\n\nEmployment opportunities for positions in the United States may require use of information which is subject to the export control regulations of the United States. Hiring decisions for such positions are required by law to be made in compliance with these regulations. Applicants for employment opportunities in other countries must be able to meet the comparable export control requirements of that country and of the United States.\n\nDonaldson Company has been made aware that there are several recruiting scams that are targeting job seekers. These scams have attempted to solicit money for job applications and/or collect confidential information, Donaldson will never solicit money during the application or recruiting process. Donaldson only accepts online applications through our Careers | Donaldson Company, Inc. website and any communication from a Donaldson recruiter would be sent using a donaldson.com email address. If you have any questions about the legitimacy of an employment opportunity, please reach out to talentacquisition@donaldson.com to verify that the communication is from Donaldson.\n\nOur policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=532dce237dccc9b4","title":"Sales Development Representative (SDR)","company":"Tremau","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=532dce237dccc9b4","description":"About Tremau\n\nTremau is a Trust & Safety solutions provider based in Paris, whose mission it is to make the digital world safe & beneficial for all. We do so by enabling online services to better protect their users while staying compliant with rapidly evolving regulations worldwide through a mix of tailored moderation products (Nima) and services.\n\nMost of our clients are global online platforms and service providers. We provide an intelligent SaaS product that leverages AI to help platforms manage and govern user-generated content in compliance with digital regulations and we deliver advisory services to help platforms in their Trust & Safety operations.\n\nThe Role\n\nWe are looking for a Sales Development Representative (SDR) to join our growing team. You will work closely with our Head of Sales and play a key role in building Tremau’s sales pipeline, focusing on the top of the funnel for our B2B SaaS product. You’ll be responsible for prospecting, outreach, and lead qualification—helping us expand our client base among major online platforms and scaling SaaS revenues. This is a hands-on role where you will combine client-facing interactions with operational sales tasks.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nSupport the Head of Sales in driving top-of-funnel activity for Tremau’s SaaS product.\nBuild and maintain prospect databases.\nConduct outbound outreach via email, phone, and LinkedIn.\nQualify inbound and outbound leads to ensure strong fit and readiness.\nSchedule and prepare meetings for the Head of Sales and senior team.\nRepresent Tremau in initial client-facing conversations when required.\nCollaborate with marketing to refine outreach campaigns and messaging.\nTrack activity and results in our CRM and contribute to pipeline reporting.\n\nWhat we are looking for\n\nA few years of relevant experience in sales development, business development, or a related role in B2B SaaS.\nStrong communication and interpersonal skills; comfortable reaching out via phone, email, or social channels.\nAbility to manage prospecting tools, CRMs, and outreach automation platforms.\nA proactive, “doer” mindset—willing to roll up your sleeves and get the legwork done.\nCuriosity about Trust & Safety, content moderation, and platform regulation is a plus.\nLocation: remote, ideally within or near the Paris time-zone, but flexible for the right candidate.\n\nWhy Tremau?\n\nBe part of a growing, mission-driven company tackling some of the biggest challenges in online safety.\nWork in an international, fast-paced environment with major global platforms as clients.\nRemote-friendly setup, with flexibility to balance work and life.\nOpportunity to grow with the company and expand responsibilities over time."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5388032646a1292a","title":"Low-code / No-code Automation Developer","company":"Novakid","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5388032646a1292a","description":"Senior Low-Code / No-Code Automation Engineer (Remote)\n\nAt Novakid, we are on a mission to build the world’s best online education platform for children. With over 80,000 students and 2,500 teachers, Novakid is already one of the most popular language learning platforms for children aged 4–12 across Europe and Asia.\n\nWe’ve achieved a lot — but there is so much more to do. That’s where you come in.\n\nWe are now looking for a Senior Low-Code / No-Code Automation Engineer to design, implement, and scale automation solutions that optimize business processes across our Marketing, Sales, and Customer Care teams. This is a senior role: beyond building workflows, you will set technical standards, ensure scalability, mentor others, and play a strategic role in how automation shapes Novakid’s future.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nLead automation initiatives — design, build, and maintain scalable automation solutions using low-code/no-code platforms (Workato, Bloomreach, AI platforms).\n\nArchitect solutions — define integration patterns, design APIs/webhooks, and ensure that automations are resilient, performant, and secure.\n\nStandardize practices — establish guidelines for workflow design, documentation, testing, and monitoring to ensure consistency and reliability across all automation projects.\n\nDrive quality and governance — introduce best practices such as code reviews, automated testing, monitoring, and audit processes.\n\nCollaborate across teams — work closely with product owners, business stakeholders, and engineering to translate business requirements into technical automation solutions.\n\nProvide technical leadership — mentor junior automation developers, conduct technical reviews, and lead knowledge-sharing sessions.\n\nWhat You Bring\n\n5+ years of experience in software engineering or automation development, with 2+ years in senior/lead roles.\n\nProven expertise in low-code/no-code platforms (e.g., Workato, Zapier).\n\nStrong understanding of APIs, webhooks, and event-driven integrations.\n\nExperience working with databases and SQL (ability to write and optimize queries).\n\nProgramming skills in Python or JavaScript for custom extensions and scripts.\n\nKnowledge of Agile/Scrum/Kanban methodologies and experience working with version control and issue tracking systems.\n\nExcellent problem-solving and analytical skills with the ability to design scalable and maintainable automation solutions.\n\nStrong communication skills in English (Upper-Intermediate or higher).\n\nBonus Points\n\nExperience integrating AI-powered bots (chatbots, voice bots, or AI agents) into workflows.\n\nFamiliarity with AWS services and containerized deployments.\n\nExperience creating architecture diagrams and technical specifications for automation platforms.\n\nWhat We Offer\n\n100% remote work (core hours GMT+3).\n\nA friendly, international team that values collaboration and innovation.\n\nUnlimited paid holidays — we care about outcomes, not clock hours.\n\nThe chance to shape the future of automation in a fast-growing global EdTech company."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53b0449f1b06488f","title":"Business Development Executive","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53b0449f1b06488f","description":"We have an exciting opportunity for a BD Executive to join our growing Marketing team.\n\nDepartment Purpose\nOur business development (BD), marketing and communication teams contribute to the setting and achievement of the firm’s business objectives, which includes supporting our partners and associates in their pursuit of becoming our clients’ trusted advisers, building and maintaining long-lasting, deep institutional client relationships, winning new clients, increasing the visibility of the firm globally, and positioning the firm as the thought leader and most advanced law firm among the global elite law firms. The function works as one team across the globe with very close collaboration between the central groups – such as Communications or Events – and professionals supporting offices, practice groups, sectors and clients. We have our BD team embedded in, and dedicated to supporting, the global practice and sector groups. This role supports the global Energy, Natural Resources and Infrastructure (ENRI) practice and will be aligned to energy and energy transition primarily, in addition to assisting the team with practice-wide initiatives.\n\nRole Purpose\nIn this role, you will focus on the implementation of the BD strategy across the energy subsectors, including emerging energy transition technologies such as green fuels, carbon capture & storage and the battery mineral value chain. The role will involve supporting the development and growth of the practice by working collaboratively across borders on sector-driven BD activities (focusing on pitches), campaigns and initiatives. This is a great opportunity for someone with an interest in the energy and infrastructure sectors looking for a targeted role that spans one of A&O Shearman’s core products and five of its priority sector groups.\n\nRole and Responsibilities\nPrimary Responsibilities;\nProposals – lead autonomously on the preparation of proposals, pitch presentations and credentials statements for energy and energy transition proposals. Capture proposal outcomes and prompt fee earners to act upon feedback.\nSystems/Processes – liaise with the wider ENRI group to manage internal marketing systems and tools, including maintaining effective collateral, credentials, CVs, contact cards and mailing lists, ensuring team members are prompted to review and update intranet and web pages, and coordinating the reporting of statistics on completion of experience records on the central database. Take into consideration, and share suggestions for, potential ways to enhance the efficiency and operation of these tools across the ENRI BD team.\nDirectories and awards – lead on the preparation of directory and award submissions in an effort to increase the market presence of the practice.\nSecondary Responsibilities\nMarket and client research – conduct research, as required, to support business planning activities. Oversee the maintenance of a flow of market/client intelligence (e.g. pipeline deals, major players, market shares, key client contact moves and developments) to partners and associates.\nClient events and hospitality – proactively identify appropriate client entertainment opportunities with fee earners and the CRM team. Assist with the organization of client events and hospitality.\nAdditional projects – support, as required, on firm-wide, local, departmental and/or practice area projects.\n\nWho we are looking for\nA commercial and ambitious individual with a proven track-record in a pitch function at a similar professional\nservices environment / sector-related organization, driven to work in a high-performance BD team at an elite\nglobal law firm where commercial insight, developing strong personal relationships and achieving tangible results\nare valued and recognized.\n\nKey Requirements\nExperience and/or understanding of and interest in the energy market, including energy transition, and an enthusiasm to develop in-depth knowledge of the sector’s capabilities, markets, and competition.\nSubstantial relevant business development and marketing experience at an equivalent BD level within a professional services organization or the energy sector, notably marketing to a business audience and where the individual frequently worked directly with senior management.\nSignificant experience leading the RfP process from start to finish.\nExcellent written and oral communication skills, with meticulous attention to detail.\nAbility to work to deadline, juggle multiple projects and deliver under pressure. Ability to plan ahead, anticipate one’s own workload and know how to work with busy fee earners, balancing conflicting priorities and not over committing to unrealistic deliverables – always manages expectations.\nExcellent interpersonal and influencing skills, which can be applied to partners, key associates, and business development colleagues, clients and suppliers. Ability to motivate fee earners to engage on business development projects and to work with them to develop and implement business development plans.\nAble to think conceptually and problem solve. Can seek out the right information in the most effective way to accomplish a task and identify different approaches and strategies to situations.\nA proactive approach, balancing creativity, tenacity and energy.\nExperience of developing and executing business development strategies that have delivered significant results against strategic goals.\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nThis role will require occasional global travel, including visiting different offices for practice and sector reviews, business planning and client strategy meetings.\n\nWhat we can offer you\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nAt A&O Shearman, we’re proud to be a tech-forward firm that values innovation, integrity, and individuality.\nAs part of our application process, we kindly request all candidates to submit a cover letter. Please note that the use of generative AI tools in crafting your cover letter will result in disqualification, and all submissions will be reviewed using AI detection software.\nWe’re looking for authentic voices and original thinking, qualities that reflect the creativity and drive we champion across our global teams. Your personal insights and motivations matter, and we’re excited to hear your story in your own words.\n\nWe recognise the value of flexible working and embrace hybrid working, allowing our people to work from home up to 40% of their working time. We do, however, remain committed to working together in person for the remaining 60% of time so that we can learn, grow and succeed together.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nIf this role is not of interest we may have another suitable opportunity here for you at A&O Shearman! Visit our careers portal at A&O Shearman Careers and submit your CV to our Talent Network to be notified when the perfect opportunity becomes available."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53d4f9df8d5524f0","title":"Sales Development Representative, Deel Immigration | Israel","company":"DEEL","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=53d4f9df8d5524f0","description":"Who we are is what we do.\n\nDeel is the all-in-one payroll and HR platform for global teams. Our vision is to unlock global opportunity for every person, team, and business. Built for the way the world works today, Deel combines HRIS, payroll, compliance, benefits, performance, and equipment management into one seamless platform. With AI-powered tools and a fully owned payroll infrastructure, Deel supports every worker type in 150+ countries—helping businesses scale smarter, faster, and more compliantly.\n\nAmong the largest globally distributed companies in the world, our team of 6,000 spans more than 100 countries, speaks 74 languages, and brings a connected and dynamic culture that drives continuous learning and innovation for our customers.\n\nWhy should you be part of our success story?\n\nAs the fastest-growing Software as a Service (SaaS) company in history, Deel is transforming how global talent connects with world-class companies – breaking down borders that have traditionally limited both hiring and career opportunities. We're not just building software; we're creating the infrastructure for the future of work, enabling a more diverse and inclusive global economy. In 2024 alone, we paid $11.2 billion to workers in nearly 100 currencies and provided healthcare and benefits to workers in 109 countries—ensuring people get paid and protected, no matter where they are.\n\nOur momentum is reflected in our achievements and customer satisfaction: CNBC Disruptor 50, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Fast 500, and repeated recognition on Y Combinator’s top companies list – all while maintaining a 4.83 average rating from 15,000 reviews across G2, Trustpilot, Captera, Apple and Google.\n\nYour experience at Deel will be a career accelerator. At the forefront of the global work revolution, you'll tackle complex challenges that impact millions of people's working lives. With our momentum—backed by a $12 billion valuation and $1 B in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) in just over five years—you'll drive meaningful impact while building expertise that makes you a sought-after leader in the transformation of global work.\n\nAs our Sales Development Representative, Deel Immigration, you'll be playing a crucial role of breaking into new accounts and fostering relationships with multiple contacts within all levels of our target customer segments. You understand the impact that you'll create to the bottom line, playing one of the most vital roles in the company. The day-to-day role includes collaboration with the wider sales team, market research to identify new potential customers and leads, and qualification of these leads by learning about their approach to onboarding.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nDrive Deel's growth through inbound and outbound prospecting efforts, generating sales leads that will turn into opportunities and closed business.\n\nLearn from our well-seasoned sales team and help build out our world-class Sales Playbook and Tech Stack.\n\nEducate and develop leads through inbound or outbound prospecting via phone calls, emails, events, webinars, and assorted campaigns.\n\nIdentify and develop an in-depth understanding of each lead generation process, supporting marketing activities, prospect touch-points, and the handoff to an Account Executive.\n\nGenerate email sequences, and make cold-calls to map and penetrate accounts.\n\nConduct follow-up calls and emails until meetings are set.\n\nRequirements:\n\nFull professional proficiency in English & Hebrew\n\n2-3 years of experience in a sales development or similar outbound commercial role\n\nExceptional communication and interpersonal skills\n\nAbility to work in a fast-paced, dynamic, and remote team environment\n\nStrong organizational and time management skills\n\nSelf-motivated, results-driven, and eager to learn\n\nAbility to work autonomously and self source solutions\n\nProven track record of achieving and exceeding targets in a quota-carrying role\n\nExperience with CRM systems and sales engagement tools is a plus\n\nYou are smart and work hard\n\nYou have an entrepreneurial spirit/experience with a strong growth mindset\n\nYou have a way with words and can write email copy and sequence campaigns that convert\n\nYou are adaptable and comfortable with a fast-paced environment\n\nYou are an active relationship builder who can collaborate with internal and external teams to consistently improve processes and communication workflows\n\nYou have worked for an HR or Fintech company, preferred\n\nYou've worked at a fast-growing startup, preferred\n\nYou have previously successfully worked in a remote & distributed team, preferred\n\nTotal Rewards\n\nOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.\n\nSome things you’ll enjoy\n\nStock grant opportunities dependent on your role, employment status and location\n\nAdditional perks and benefits based on your employment status and country\n\nThe flexibility of remote work, including optional WeWork access\n\nAt Deel, we’re an equal-opportunity employer that values diversity and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of race, religion, sex, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy or maternity or other applicable legally protected characteristics.\n\nUnless otherwise agreed, we will communicate with job applicants using Deel-specific emails, which include @deel.com and other acquired company emails like @payspace.com and @paygroup.com. You can view the most up-to-date job listings at Deel by visitingour careers page.\n\nDeel is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects different abilities, backgrounds, beliefs, experiences, identities and perspectives.\n\nDeel will provide accommodation on request throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process for applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation, please inform our Talent Acquisition Team at recruiting@deel.com of the nature of the accommodation that you may require, to ensure your equal participation.\n\nWe use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional processes. As part of the evaluation process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate-submitted applications. Certain features of the platform may qualify it as an Automated Employment Decision Tool (AEDT) under applicable regulations. For positions in New York City, our use of Covey complies with NYC Local Law 144.\n\nWe began using Covey Scout for Inbound on March 30, 2025.\n\nFor more information about our data protection practices, please visit our Privacy Policy. You can review the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here: https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=56f838a81a3ae1a0","title":"Executive Recruiter","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=56f838a81a3ae1a0","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a leading tech company that creates and operates innovative consumer products. We offer a diverse range of opportunities across the health, education, and entertainment industries. Our innovative teams are driving the future of consumer-led products, and we're always looking for passionate individuals to join us. Learn more about our story at: https://rubylabs.com/about-us/\n\nAbout the role\n\nWe are seeking a seasoned Executive Recruiter to lead and manage searches for senior leadership and C-level roles, including CEOs, Heads, and Directors. This role requires a trusted advisor who can drive high-impact recruitment processes with speed, precision, and discretion across international markets. You will partner closely with senior leadership to attract, engage, and secure top-tier talent that shapes the future of the organization.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nLead end-to-end executive recruitment for senior leadership positions, ensuring a structured and high-quality process.\n\nPartner with senior leadership to define talent needs, role specifications, and strategic search plans.\n\nDevelop and execute tailored sourcing strategies, leveraging executive networks, professional associations, market mapping, referrals, and advanced headhunting techniques.\n\nBuild and maintain long-term candidate relationships with professionalism and confidentiality.\n\nProvide actionable market intelligence, competitor insights, and leadership trend analysis to inform strategic hiring decisions.\n\nRepresent the company externally with credibility, ensuring a positive candidate and client experience.\n\nMaintain accurate records in the ATS and proactively manage a pipeline of executive talent for future needs.\n\nDeliver on recruitment KPIs, including time-to-fill, candidate quality, and offer acceptance rates.\n\nIntegrate diversity, equity, and inclusion considerations into executive search strategies.\n\nQualifications\n\n5+ years of full-cycle recruitment experience, with at least 3 years focused on executive or senior-level searches.\n\nDemonstrated success in placing C-level, Heads, and Director-level talent across international markets.\n\nExpertise in advanced sourcing techniques, including headhunting, market mapping, networking, and leveraging platforms such as LinkedIn Recruiter and industry-specific channels.\n\nStrong business acumen and understanding of organizational structures, leadership needs, and market dynamics.\n\nExceptional communication, influencing, and stakeholder management skills with the ability to engage senior leaders and high-caliber candidates.\n\nHigh level of discretion, professionalism, and experience managing sensitive, confidential searches.\n\nFamiliarity with ATS platforms (Greenhouse, Lever, Ashby) and CRM systems preferred.\n\nPrior in-house executive search or consulting firm experience is an advantage.\n\nKey Competencies\n\nStrategic thinker with a consultative, solution-oriented approach.\n\nSkilled negotiator capable of closing complex senior-level offers.\n\nHighly organized, detail-oriented, and adept at managing multiple executive searches simultaneously.\n\nResilient and adaptable in a fast-paced, global environment.\n\nCommitted to fostering diverse and inclusive leadership pipelines.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Work from anywhere in the world while staying fully connected to a global, high-performing team.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nCompany-provided MacBook: Experience seamless productivity with top-notch Apple MacBooks provided to all employees who need them.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received. If we see a potential fit, we proceed with the following steps:\n\nRecruiter Screening (40 minutes)\n\nTechnical Interview (60 minutes)\n\nFInal Interview (30 minutes)\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5944edbdbdfab9b3","title":"Head of LeadGen","company":"LeadX Pro","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"10 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5944edbdbdfab9b3","description":"LeadX Pro is an elite club of multi vertical media buyers within ecommerce, leadgen, igaming, nutra, and dating. Being a team of dedicated professionals who thrive on delivering exceptional results for our clients, we set the tone and are at the forefront of innovation in media buying. The team are – highly trained, proactive and international – and the media buying department are capable of creating growth anytime, anywhere. We believe in the power of media buying to generate successful campaigns, drive engagement, and ultimately, boost successful collaborations. Our inclusive and dynamic work environment fosters innovation, learning, and growth.\n\nJoin us as an Head of LeadGen and play a crucial role in expanding this vertical.\n\nWHAT WE WOULD LIKE YOU TO TAKE CARE OF\n\nPlan and execute effective strategies to attract and qualify new leads through both digital and traditional channels.\n\nLead and motivate a team of lead generation specialists, providing training and support to meet company objectives.\n\nWork closely with marketing, sales, and product teams to ensure campaigns align with business goals and customer needs.\n\nMonitor key metrics, analyze campaign results, and optimize strategies based on data.\n\nStay updated on the latest trends and technologies in lead generation and introduce new ideas to enhance campaign effectiveness.\n\nPlan and control the budget allocated to lead generation activities to maximize ROI.\n\nWHAT WE WISH YOU’D BRING WITH\n\nAt least 5 years of experience in lead generation or a similar role.\n\nIn-depth knowledge of marketing automation tools, CRM (e.g., Salesforce, HubSpot), and digital advertising platforms (Google Ads, LinkedIn Ads, etc.).\n\nAbility to interpret data and translate it into actionable insights.\n\nExperience in team management and training professionals.\n\nExcellent communication and collaboration skills with various stakeholders.\n\nNICE TO HAVE\n\nAbility to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.\n\nExcellent communication and problem-solving skills.\n\nInitiative and proactivity.\n\nTeam-oriented mindset and collaboration skills.\n\nWHAT WE WOULD LIKE TO OFFER YOU\n\nJoin an innovative team during an exciting phase of growth.\n\nOpportunity for rapid growth within your role and beyond, through a career progression & internal rotation program.\n\nIndependence and full autonomy to shape your work as you prefer and suggest changes that truly make an impact.\n\nContract: Contractor\n\nCompensation: Fixed compensation & Variable Incentives\n\nFull remote work\n\nD,E&I STATEMENT\n\nAt LeadXpro, we celebrate diversity and view it as an opportunity for growth and enrichment. In our organisation, we promote uniqueness and individuality, and we do not discriminate on the basis of disability, neurodiversity, gender identity, biological sex, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status (including pregnancy), age, ethnicity, origin, religion, political ideology, or other characteristics. Our selection processes are based on professional experience, attitude, and the talent of each candidate.\n\nESG STATEMENT\n\nWe are committed to minimising our environmental impact and promoting positive social change. Through the use of recycled, recyclable, and compostable packaging, and monitoring our emissions, waste, and energy consumption, we strive to minimise our footprint. At the same time, we partner with local, national, and international social organisations to create events, collaborations, and charitable initiatives that truly make a difference in our communities and beyond.\n\nFind out more on our career page.\n\nBy applying to this job at this company, you're agreeing to the candidate data privacy policy published on the website of the company. #LI-SA1"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5957390cb843d9c1","title":"Strategic Customer Success Partner Coach - France","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5957390cb843d9c1","description":"As a Client Success Partner Coach (or CSP Coach), you will own the most critical customers in France and support, mentor and guide the CSPs that manage them.\n\nThe Client Success Partners are guiding the learning and development strategies of our customers through the 360Learning platform. They develop a strong relationship with each client and make sure our customers are satisfied, our contracts are renewed and the churn is reduced. As a Coach, your role is fundamental for the team: you are responsible for the development of every team member and the achievement of renewal and expansion of clients, for the largest accounts in the French market.\nWithin 1 month, you will:\nHave started the new coach onboarding program\nHave defined your routine with each team member\nHave reviewed all the customer situations in the current portfolio\nHave familiarized yourself with the product, industry, and the internal tools designed for customer management\nWithin 3 months, you will:\nEstablish yourself as the point of escalation on your team’s accounts\nDefine initiatives to fill any identified gaps in your team and with customers\nReport on risk, detailed product needs, retention, expansion and customer performance metrics as well as run a warning meeting\nDeliver the first quarterly performance review for your direct reports\nHave completed the onboarding program for a new coach\nHave defined the OKRs for the next quarter\nHave defined a routine for working with the AMs / the product / the alliances / CS Ops\nBe autonomous on the account reviews\nHave introduced yourself as a sponsor on the top 20 customers in the portfolio\nWithin 6 months you will:\nTalk regularly with Decision Makers / HRs or L&D Directors\nIdentify expansion with the AE on your team’s book of business\nLead customer experience meetings to showcase how your customers are leveraging collaborative learning\nIdentify and nurture customer advocates to produce influenced sales\nDefine a reliable forecast\nHave defined a vision/roadmap for the next 12 months\nHave carried out your first performance reviews as a coach\nHave identified your customer ambassadors\nDepending on the context, you will also hire new teammates and ensure their successful onboarding in your team\nWithin 12 months, you will:\nBe a go to resource on the most sophisticated usage of the platform from our most demanding French customers\nDefine an annual roadmap for French strategic customer market, understanding competitors and opportunities for 360 Learning\nWork with teammates on their self career development\nParticipate in growing the CSP team with external learnings\nDefine career plans for each member of your team\nMake sure your team's CSPs will reach their targets\nBe able to improve the support offered to our customers\nThe Skill Set\nAt least 10 years of extensive experience in Customer Success and 5 years in a Manager position\nAbility to find the middle ground between the product, learning and development strategy and champion collaborative learning to drive the French strategic business forward\nUnderstanding of French enterprise market dynamics (corporate culture, L&D trends, procurement)\nStrong negotiation and stakeholder management skills (C-level execs, HR/L&D leaders)\nData-driven decision making (analyzing churn, adoption, and success metrics)\nCoaching and mentoring skills (developing junior/mid-level client success managers)\nPerformance management & career development planning\nFluent English (US/UK) / B2 level or equivalent (FR)\nSuccessful experience as a CSP (having achieved objectives over the last 18 months)\nAbility to conduct meetings with CEOs, Directors or COMEX members at a customer site\nExperienced in managing complex customer situations\nAbility to intervene in the pre-sales phase to promote and advise on the support required by the prospect\nAbility to rely on the right people internally to move a project forward or manage a conflict\nExcellent interpersonal skills\nEnthusiasm for our working environment explained here: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture:https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L & find out more about the teams, product and processeshttps://bit.ly/42H1ggC ‍\nInterview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with our Marie Valenza\nCase study with our Chief Customer Officer and our Senior Director Customer Success\nMeeting with our VP Sales Enterprise\nCulture Fit Meeting with our CEO\nMeet & greet with the CS team\nOffer !\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC\nWho We Are\n360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.\n\n360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.\n\nLearning Includes Everyone.\nIn concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=599ef01095dd5730","title":"Business Developer BtoB - Vente complexe (H/F)","company":"UPTOO","location":"{\"city\":\"Strasbourg\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Strasbourg (67)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Strasbourg (67)\",\"latitude\":48.58333,\"longitude\":7.75,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Strasbourg (67)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":55000,\"salaryMin\":45000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 45 000 € à 55 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=599ef01095dd5730","description":"Effet waouh: Ecole de vente, Management de proximité, Locaux en plein centre ville, Leader sur son marché\n\nÊtes-vous prêt pour un nouveau défi ?\n\nRejoins l’agence spécialiste de la Vente en France et donne un tournant à ta carrière\n\nEn premier lieu, tu aimes la vente. Tu sais gérer des cycles de vente complets, convaincre des décideurs, vendre de la valeur. Mais aujourd’hui, tu veux passer un cap : plus de stratégie, plus de responsabilités, plus d’impact.\n\nTu es au bon endroit.\n\nUPTOO, c’est l’agence spécialiste de la vente. Depuis 20 ans, on aide les entreprises françaises à dépasser leurs objectifs commerciaux avec des équipes bien recrutées, bien formées, bien outillées et bien managées.\n\nNotre marché : celui du Sales Enablement, qui explose aux US et que nous construisons en France, avec l’acquisition en plus d’un intégrateur CRM de premier plan cet été au sein du groupe Uptoo nous permettant d’ajouter cette corde à notre arc !\n\nChez Uptoo on ne vend pas de produits ou de services, on vend une transformation, on vend de la performance ! On est au coeur des sujets stratégiques des entreprises et ce qui nous permet d'adresser les C Level sur 100% de nos projets.\n\nNotre ambition : faire de nos sales d’aujourd’hui des Sales leaders de demain\n\nCe qu’on vous propose\n\nTu rejoindras une équipe passionnée par la vente de valeur pour :\n\n- Approcher des PME, ETI et Grands Comptes à un haut niveau d’interlocuteurs (DG, VP Sales, DRH,…),\n\n- Mener des cycles de vente complexes, en mode conseil à forte valeur,\n\n- Activer tous les leviers pour signer des deals stratégiques (prospection, visio..),\n\n- Co-construire avec nous l’évolution de notre offre commerciale,\n\n- Piloter ton business, suivre tes KPI, affiner ton impact commercial,\n\n- Travailler main dans la main avec les équipes projet pour garantir le succès client.\n\nNous sommes faits pour travailler ensemble si\n\nTu es au bon endroit si…\n\nTu as une première expérience en vente B2B, sur des cycles complets,\n\nTu es à l’aise face à des C-levels, tu comprends vite les enjeux business,\n\nTu es structuré, impactant, curieux, et tu veux continuer à progresser tous les jours,\n\nTu es ambitieux, exigeant, et tu veux faire partie d’un collectif qui vise haut.\n\nTu veux aller chercher des gros postes et construire une carrière\n\nPourquoi nous rejoindre ?\n\nCe que nous te proposons…\n\nLa meilleure Sales Academy de France pour monter en compétence,\n\nUn cadre stimulant, où ta progression est la priorité des managers,\n\nUn onboarding de premier plan, un coaching terrain, et des rituels de perf efficaces,\n\nDes perspectives claires d’évolution (management, expertise, stratégie…),\n\nUne organisation hybride (bureau + télétravail),\n\nUne rémunération attractive, à la hauteur de ton talent.\n\nTélétravail 2 jours / semaine"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5acc2ba12ce6621c","title":"Staff Software Engineer - Full Remote (H/F)","company":"Voyage Privé","location":"{\"city\":\"Aix-en-Provence\",\"postalCode\":\"13090\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"13090 Aix-en-Provence\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Aix-en-Provence (13)\",\"latitude\":43.5283,\"longitude\":5.4497,\"streetAddress\":\"Rue Pascal Duverger 330\",\"fullAddress\":\"13090 Aix-en-Provence\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5acc2ba12ce6621c","description":"Description de l'entreprise\n\nCompany Description\n\nBorn in France in 2006, Voyage Privé has grown from an ambitious startup into becoming the Europe's leading travel tech platform. Operating across 9 markets with tens of millions of users, we're not just another e-commerce success story - we're a tech powerhouse revolutionizing online travel.\n\nAs a mission-driven company, we're unique in combining cutting-edge technology with social impact. Our innovative campus brings together tech talent, professional athletes, students, and artists, creating an ecosystem where digital innovation drives both business growth and positive change.\n\nWe're now at an inflection point, upgrading our entire technical foundation with cloud architecture, AI, and real-time systems to become a reference and top-of-mind platform for luxury travel, known by travelers for its for excellent offer and customer experience, and by our providers as a high-performance business development partner.\n\nWhy Join Us?\n\nWork at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and a mission-driven company, transforming how millions experience travel.\n\nBe part of an entrepreneurial team of innovators that isn't just building technology: we value innovation, ownership, and collaboration, with an emphasis on empowering engineers to make a difference.\n\nShape a fast-growing tech company as we embark on an ambitious plan to scale tenfold in the next decade.\n\nEnjoy a workplace that invests in personal and professional development, offering learning programs, mentorship opportunities, and career growth pathways\n\nDescription du poste\n\nThe Opportunity\n\nAt Voyage Privé, we are entering a defining moment of transformation. As a leader in the travel industry, our ambition is not only to maintain operational excellence, but to redefine it, through a large-scale digital transformation grounded in technical excellence, world-class engineering practices, and pragmatic innovation.\n\nAs technical leaders, our objective is to evolve from legacy foundations toward a forward-compatible, high-performance architecture, designed with scalability, resilience, and velocity in mind, guided by the engineering rigor and pragmatic excellence demonstrated by world-class companies like Google, Stripe, GitLab, and Netflix.\n\nTo succeed, we’re building an elite group of engineers who will drive this transformation from within. The Staff Software Engineer role is at the heart of this effort, providing hands-on architectural leadership, raising engineering standards, mentoring engineers across squads, and shaping the long-term technical foundation of our company.\n\nThis is the right time to join, your decisions will define the engineering culture, velocity, and technical maturity of the entire organization.\n\nYour Mission\n\nArchitect the Future: Design distributed, stateless, and scalable systems that are resilient to failure and optimized for high performance and throughput\nStay Hands-On: Actively contribute to the codebase, prototype, implement, and review critical features. Lead by example through high-quality, pragmatic, and scalable code\nScale What Matters: Leverage asynchronous architectures and message-driven patterns using technologies like Kafka, RabbitMQ, SQS, or pub/sub to improve latency, responsiveness, and decoupling of services\nEnsure Consistency and Integrity: Define and implement patterns for data consistency (eventual or strong), message ordering, and reliable state transitions across services and storage layers\nBe a Multiplier: Mentor engineers across teams, level up engineering capabilities, and help embed a culture of technical excellence and ownership\nRaise the Bar: Promote best practices in testing, observability, continuous integration, and secure software development\nTransform at Scale: Actively reduce technical debt and drive modernization strategies that improve system agility, performance, and reliability\nPartner for Impact: Collaborate with Engineering Managers, Product, and Infrastructure to influence roadmaps and shape a pragmatic, scalable architecture vision\n\nQualifications\n\nYour Engineering Toolbox\n\nProven experience designing and delivering robust, distributed, and mission-critical systems in production\nExpertise in asynchronous processing and message-driven systems using technologies such as Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or pub/sub\nDeep technical fluency in system design, performance tuning, concurrency, and consistency models\nStrong coding skills in one or more modern languages (e.g., Java, Go, Python, TypeScript)\nFamiliarity with service-oriented and event-driven architectures, eventual consistency strategies, and data synchronization mechanisms\nMastery of CI/CD, test automation strategies, and infrastructure-as-code tooling\nHands-on experience with secure coding practices and awareness of compliance and resilience in regulated or complex environments\nStrong observability mindset: metrics, logs, traces, incident handling, and root cause analysis\n\nLeadership Competencies\n\nAbility to lead technical direction across multiple teams without relying on positional authority\nHigh judgment in balancing engineering purity with speed, business outcomes, and risk\nExperience mentoring Senior Engineers and guiding architectural decisions at the org level\nAbility to navigate ambiguity, influence without ego, and coach others through technical complexity\n\nWhy Join Us Now\n\nYou will be a foundational player in an ambitious transformation journey\nYou’ll operate at the intersection of business and technology, helping the company scale both sustainably and intelligently\nYou will shape not just code, but also culture, processes, and future leaders\nWe offer the autonomy, vision, and leadership environment expected from modern product-driven, engineering-led companies\n\nOur Commitment\n\nA high-trust, low-politics environment where you can lead bold initiatives with executive support\nA product and business strategy that values engineering as a core differentiator\nTransparent career development pathways, and opportunities to shape your own growth\nCompetitive compensation and a mission-driven team ready to build the future of digital travel\n\nApply Now\n\nIf you are a technical leader who thrives in environments of change, builds with intent, and inspires with clarity, we’d love to meet you.\n\nApply via [email/contact portal/linkedIn,…] with your resume and a short note telling us how you’ve helped elevate an engineering organization before, and what excites you about helping us do it again.\n\nInformations supplémentaires\n\nYou'll love joining us...\n\nAt Voyage Privé, the “entrepreneurial adventure” is a reality: take on ambitious and fulfilling projects, while joining a company committed to the growth of its teams.\nHQ in the South of France, in an exceptional natural, economic and cultural environment, on a modern, digital and eco-responsible campus.\nRemote work possible based on location and experience\nPut meaning back into your work and discover a unique ecosystem, creating bridges between worlds that are often far apart: the economic, sporting, academic and social worlds, and take part in one of the Vision projects (Ecole des XV - Provence Rugby - VP Green- Les Tremplins - Chez Pierre).\nCancel your sports subscription! Access our large Campus gym morning, noon and night, and play Padel whenever you like on our court reserved exclusively for Voyage Privé employees...\nLive to the rhythm of Voyage Privé's various Business & Fun highlights (Company Breaks, Carnival, Annual Convention...), take part in meetups and talks, and enjoy free tickets to every Provence Rugby home match or dance to the sounds of the Dalida Institute!\nWould you like to take advantage of our getaway offers? Benefit from up to 20% off our irresistible prices."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5b2bd2fca8cbd5b9","title":"Technical Lead (Rust/C++)","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5b2bd2fca8cbd5b9","description":"About Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we've grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we rock with over 180 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels and Singapore, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We're pioneers in adopting the Rust development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry's progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we're not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We're actively building it.\n\nMission statement\n\nAs Technical Lead at Keyrock, you will assume responsibility for the technology underpinning our Strategic Market Making team, designing and developing mid/high-frequency, large-scale trading platforms that provide Keyrock with a competitive advantage. You will oversee the entire development lifecycle - from initial architecture and code reviews to performance optimisation and continuous deployment - harmonising strategic vision with hands-on engineering. You will foster a culture of innovation and collaboration, working closely with Product, Quantitative Research and Operations to translate strategic objectives into scalable systems and measurable outcomes. Ultimately, you will ensure the delivery of secure, reliable and high-performance solutions that maintain Keyrock’s market leadership.\n\nJob description\n\nLead and manage a team of talented engineers, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and excellence.\n\nDrive the design, development, and maintenance of high-concurrency, high-performance trading systems.\n\nCollaborate closely with product management to align engineering efforts with product goals and roadmap.\n\nImplement and enforce best practices in software development, including code reviews, testing methodologies, and deployment strategies.\n\nEnsure the scalability, reliability, and security of our systems by implementing robust architectures and engineering practices.\n\nProvide technical leadership and mentorship to team members, fostering their professional growth and development.\n\nStay abreast of industry trends and emerging technologies, identifying opportunities for innovation and improvement.\n\nCollaborate with cross-functional teams to drive continuous improvement and operational excellence.\n\nCollaborate with System Architect and other Engineering managers to align with our company-wide technical strategy.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nProvide both strategic direction and day-to-day hands-on development across our suite of high-concurrency, high-performance trading platforms.\n\nLead, mentor and inspire a multidisciplinary team of engineers, embedding a growth mindset, agile practices and engineering excellence.\n\nPartner with Product Management to translate roadmap objectives into scalable architectures, rigorous engineering plans and sprint deliverables.\n\nDefine, implement and uphold industry-leading development standards - including comprehensive code reviews, test-driven development, CI/CD pipelines and release orchestration.\n\nArchitect and validate robust, secure and resilient systems; proactively identify performance bottlenecks and champion continuous optimisation.\n\nCollaborate with the System Architect and fellow Engineering Managers to ensure alignment with our overarching technical vision and technology stack roadmap.\n\nDrive innovation by evaluating emerging technologies, fostering proof-of-concepts and rolling out improvements that deliver measurable business impact.\n\nEngage with cross-functional teams (Operations, Security, QA, Architecture) to streamline processes, elevate operational maturity and guarantee 24/7 production reliability.\n\nRequirements\n\nBachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent practical experience\n\nDemonstrated expertise in architecting and maintaining high-concurrency, low-latency trading systems at scale\n\nAdvanced proficiency in Rust (or C++ and willing to learn Rust); working knowledge of Node.js (JavaScript/TypeScript) and Python is an advantage\n\nDeep experience with data-intensive architectures and real-time data pipelines\n\nProven track record deploying, optimising and operating AWS environments for ultra-low-latency workloads\n\nHands-on experience containerising applications and managing Kubernetes clusters in production\n\nFamiliarity with GitOps workflows to automate infrastructure provisioning, configuration and deployments\n\nSolid command of software engineering best practices, including Agile methodologies, DevOps principles and end-to-end CI/CD pipelines\n\nKnowledge of DevSecFinOps principles to embed security, compliance and cost-governance throughout the delivery lifecycle\n\nDemonstrated leadership of engineering teams, with a commitment to fostering collaboration, mentorship and continuous professional growth\n\nExcellent communication and stakeholder-management skills, able to partner effectively with Product, Quantitative Research and Operations\n\nStrong analytical and problem-solving mindset, with a passion for building scalable, reliable and secure systems\n\nDeep domain knowledge of finance and trading, particularly within the cryptocurrency sector\n\nExperience in fast-paced, dynamic financial or fintech environments is highly desirable\n\nWe would like the successful candidate to be based in the UK or Europe. Remote and flexible work options are available.\n\nOur recruitment philosophy\n\nWe value self-awareness in our recruitment process. We seek people who understand themselves and their career goals. We're after those with the right skills and a conscious choice to join our field. The perfect fit? A crypto enthusiast who’s driven, collaborative, and delivers solid, scalable outcomes.\n\nOur offer\n\nA competitive salary package, with various benefits depending on the method of engagement (employee or freelancer).\n\nAutonomy in your time management thanks to flexible working hours and the opportunity to work remotely\n\nThe freedom to create your own entrepreneurial experience by being part of a team of people in search of excellence\n\nAs an employer we are committed to build an inclusive, diverse and non-discriminating work environment. We welcome employees of all backgrounds, ethnicities, genders, creed and sexual orientation. We hire, reward and promote entirely based on merit and performance.\n\nDue to the nature of our business and external requirements, we perform background checks on all potential employees, passing which is a prerequisite to join Keyrock.\n\nhttps://keyrock.com/careers/"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ce3b0858f741f50","title":"Director of Sales EMEA","company":"AQUA EXPEDITIONS PTE. LTD.","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":8200,\"salaryMin\":7000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 7 000 € à 8 200 € par mois\",\"salaryType\":\"monthly\"}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5ce3b0858f741f50","description":"*Nous recrutons : Directeur des ventes EMEA*\n\nChez Aqua Expeditions, nous avons à cœur d'offrir un service exceptionnel à nos clients. Nous sommes fiers de chouchouter nos passagers et de faire de leur séjour parmi nous un voyage inoubliable. L'expérience Aqua est soigneusement conçue par une équipe de talents – de l'équipage à bord au personnel de réservation – qui œuvre en coulisses pour garantir une navigation fluide. Nous sommes constamment à la recherche de nouveaux collaborateurs partageant notre passion et notre expertise, afin de vous garantir une expérience de voyage d'exception. Si vous vous reconnaissez dans cette description, postulez dès maintenant et participez à notre voyage extraordinaire !\n\n*NOTRE VISION : *Créer et offrir des expériences uniques et authentiques, pour que nos passagers puissent vivre des souvenirs inoubliables.\n\n*NOTRE MISSION :* Aqua Expeditions propose des voyages de luxe sur mesure à bord de navires au design élégant et contemporain, axés sur des excursions immersives à la découverte de la culture et de la faune sauvage, uniques à chaque destination, une cuisine primée préparée par des chefs renommés, un service client personnalisé et un engagement envers la communauté, le développement durable et la préservation.\n\n*4 VALEURS FONDAMENTALES :*\n\n*A :* Nous valorisons l’AUTHENTICITÉ, croyant aux talents uniques de chaque individu et à l’importance de l’intégrité.\n\n*Q : *Nous visons la QUALITÉ, privilégiant une approche axée sur le service et le partage des connaissances.\n\n*U : *Nous croyons en l’UNITÉ et privilégions un travail d’équipe efficace.\n\n*A : *Nous éprouvons une profonde ADMIRATION et un profond respect pour notre environnement, collaborant étroitement avec les communautés locales pour encourager des pratiques responsables qui protègent et préservent la nature.\n\n*C’est parfait ! En bref, quel est le poste ?*\n\nCe poste consiste à représenter Aqua Expeditions, une entreprise d’expéditions de luxe primée et unique, et ses navires sur le marché EMEA (Europe, Moyen-Orient et Afrique). Ce poste bénéficiera du soutien total des services Ventes internes, Réservations, CRM, Marketing et Marketing numérique, et sera la principale responsabilité commerciale pour toutes les réservations commerciales effectuées sur ce territoire.\n\n*Votre passion :*\n\n*Ventes :*\n\n* Développement commercial : Cibler, négocier et maintenir une présence constante auprès des professionnels du voyage et des tour-opérateurs de la région EMEA\n* Faciliter l’accès aux programmes de brochures des tour-opérateurs et autres canaux de vente et de marketing ;\n* Atteindre et dépasser les objectifs de vente pour la région assignée.\n* Contribuer à l’élaboration et à la mise en œuvre du plan de vente annuel, de la stratégie et du budget\n* Assurer la bonne exécution de la stratégie de vente et du budget\n* Rencontrer les clients professionnels de la région sous votre responsabilité et conclure des accords commerciaux et des mesures d’incitation à la vente\n* Organiser toutes les formations nécessaires sur les produits et les destinations pour tous nos produits et services auprès des clients de la région.\n* Participer et organiser régulièrement des appels commerciaux avec les clients de la région.\n* Organiser la participation aux salons, les préparer, organiser tous les rendez-vous et assurer le suivi nécessaire.\n* Entretenir des relations solides et suivies avec les affiliations et les adhésions professionnelles.\n* Entretenir des relations étroites et solides avec les responsables commerciaux régionaux pour les activités et les objectifs de ventes croisées, ainsi que le suivi des indicateurs clés de performance (KPI).\n* Apporter un soutien constant à l’équipe des réservations et aux consultants en expéditions afin de les aider à améliorer leur taux de conversion.\n* Négocier, suivre et développer tous les contrats d'affrètement potentiels avec les clients et les agents centraux.\n\n*Support commercial :*\n\n* Gérer et mettre à jour la base de données commerciale, les demandes de renseignements commerciaux en ligne et hors ligne, en fonction des responsabilités régionales grâce à l'utilisation d'un CRM.\n* Gérer les approbations de commissions et/ou les remises spéciales pour les clients ou les passagers, conformément aux conditions et accords commerciaux existants.\n* Veiller sur la concurrence et se tenir informé de ses actions, initiatives et promotions sur le marché afin d'informer l'équipe marketing.\n* Fournir une assistance pour les voyages de familiarisation.\n* Approuver les identifiants du portail des agents.\n* Gérer les fiches de commentaires, les retours des passagers et les rapports des directeurs de croisière relatifs à la région.\n* Répondre aux préoccupations des clients et à toute question relative au service client.\n* Participer aux appels hebdomadaires et mensuels avec l'équipe commerciale et l'équipe financière.\n\n*Fonctions administratives et de reporting :*\n\n* Suivre et analyser les statistiques des prévisions de ventes et les résultats mensuels, en fonction des responsabilités régionales.\n* Préparer et analyser les rapports de ventes mensuels pour le directeur des ventes.\n* Mettre à jour le calendrier des voyages de vente 2025 avec les campagnes CRM programmées.\n* Assurer la mise à jour des campagnes CRM avec retours et conclusions.\n* Suivre et établir des rapports sur le budget de vente par rapport aux résultats réels.\n\n*Que recherchons-nous ?*\n\n* Sens de l'organisation : Excellente capacité à gérer plusieurs tâches, à hiérarchiser efficacement les priorités et à respecter les délais.\n* Compétences en communication : Excellentes compétences orales et écrites pour interagir avec les équipes internes et les clients externes.\n* Maîtrise technique : Utilisation des systèmes CRM, des logiciels de vente, de la suite Microsoft Office et d'autres outils pertinents.\n* Gestion financière et analyse financière.\n* Souci du détail : Grande précision et souci du détail dans la gestion des données et des documents.\n* Résolution de problèmes : Capacité à anticiper les besoins, à identifier les problèmes et à développer des solutions efficaces.\n* Compétences relationnelles : Excellentes compétences interpersonnelles pour établir des relations solides avec les membres de l’équipe, les clients et les autres parties prenantes.\n* Discrétion et confidentialité : Capacité à traiter des informations sensibles avec discrétion et à préserver la confidentialité.\n\n*Qualifications souhaitées :*\n\n* Carrière en administration des affaires ou en vente.\n* + de 10 ans d’expérience dans la vente de produits de luxe dans le secteur du voyage et de nombreux voyages internationaux.\n* Maîtrise du *français et de l’anglais*, et de préférence de l’espagnol.\n\n*Pourquoi vous adorerez travailler chez nous :*\n\n* Salaire et avantages sociaux compétitifs.\n* Rejoignez une entreprise internationale primée, à la pointe de l’innovation technologique.\n* Collaborez avec une équipe passionnée et dévouée.\n* Apportez une contribution significative à la réussite de notre entreprise.\n\n*Postulez ci-dessous et façonnons l’avenir ensemble !*\n\nhttps://aquaexpeditionshr.bamboohr.com/careers/262\n\nJob Type: Contract\nContract length: 36 months\n\nPay: 7,000.00€ - 8,200.00€ per month\n\n\n\nApplication Question(s):\n* Situé en France ou en Europe ?\n\nLanguage:\n* Anglais et français ? (Required)\n\nWork Location: Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e17192f959895a9","title":"CHASSEUR IMMOBILIER INDÉPENDANT MARSEILLE – H/F","company":"RENO IMMO","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":5000,\"salaryMin\":2000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 2 000 € à 5 000 € par mois\",\"salaryType\":\"monthly\"}","posted_at":"17 hours ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e17192f959895a9","description":"Rejoignez le leader français de l’investissement locatif clé-en-main\n\nInvestissementLocatif.com, c’est l’acteur de référence dans l’investissement locatif sur-mesure depuis 2012.\n\nPlus de 4 000 projets réalisés, une équipe de plus de 100 collaborateurs, et une mission claire : accompagner nos clients dans la constitution de leur patrimoine immobilier, avec exigence, transparence et performance.\n\nAujourd’hui, nous recherchons des profils expérimentés ou passionnés, prêts à rejoindre une structure solide, humaine, ambitieuse — et capable de vous offrir un cadre à la hauteur de vos ambitions.\n\nVotre mission\n\nEn tant que chasseur immobilier indépendant, vous êtes l’interlocuteur privilégié de nos clients investisseurs sur le terrain et nous recherchons des profils sur toute la France et plus précisément Marseille.\n\nVotre rôle :\n\n* Identifier les meilleures opportunités immobilières sur votre secteur\n* Négocier avec les vendeurs, agents, notaires et partenaires\n* Accompagner les clients avec un haut niveau d’exigence et de professionnalisme\n* Participer à un projet de vie pour chaque client : transmission, sécurité familiale, rentabilité long terme\n\nCe que nous vous offrons\n\n* Un cadre structuré et moderne : CRM puissant, leads qualifiés, méthodes éprouvées\n* Un accompagnement sur-mesure dès votre arrivée : formation, support, coaching\n* Un positionnement haut de gamme sur le marché de l’investissement locatif\n* Une rémunération attractive et évolutive : vous êtes indépendant, mais jamais isolé\n* Une vision claire et une stabilité rare dans le monde de l’immobilier indépendant\n\nVotre profil\n\n* Vous avez une expérience commerciale ou une forte culture immobilière\n* Vous êtes autonome, organisé, exigeant et orienté résultats\n* Vous savez construire une relation client solide et durable\n* Vous avez envie de rejoindre une structure à taille humaine, mais ambitieuse\n* Vous cherchez du sens, de la liberté, et des résultats concrets\n\nEnvie d’en savoir plus ?\n\nEnvoyez votre candidature au plus vite !\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 2 000,00€ à 5 000,00€ par mois\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e50d74bfed2ff3a","title":"Product Manager - DeFi","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5e50d74bfed2ff3a","description":"About Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we've grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we partner with over 180 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from self-taught DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels, and Singapore, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We're pioneers in adopting the Rust Development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry's progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we're not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We're actively building it.\n\nMission statement\n\nWe’re looking for a Product Manager to discover value, and design & define trading products, and also drive the ongoing development of existing trading systems. These trading systems are central to Keyrock DeFi operations, and used by internal research and quantitative trading teams. You will balance product discovery and delivery-execution to improve how we manage DeFi operations at scale. You’ll work closely with engineering, commercial and control function teams such as risk, compliance, security, and finance teams, to prioritize and ship impactful solutions.\n\nThis role reports to the Head of Product for DeFi & Ecosystems\n\nKeyrock Product Managers are responsible for developing valuable and viable systems (& implicit services) that consider the voices of\n\nBusiness & Commercial teams,\n\nTrading & Research teams,\n\nAnd Engineering builders.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nLeading Continuous Discovery\n\nAlpha & Risk Identification: Lead a continuous discovery process that translates trader needs, commercial business needs, on-chain opportunities and Keyrock’s strategic direction, into a pipeline product opportunities. Outcomes include systems that facilitate alpha discovery, capture and preservation by supporting the research and application of novel models, best-in-class on-chain execution and robust risk mitigation, including those specific to DeFi.\n\nIntelligence Augmentation: Ship automation features and tools that demonstrably reduce the cognitive load on human operators and manual intervention. This is measured by automating complex workflows like cross-chain and multi-strategy portfolio rebalancing, facilitating risk and trading configuration management on- and off-chain and automating monitoring and alerting in the context of DeFi operations.\n\nPerformance & Impact Measurement: Define key metrics and KPIs to measure the success and impact of DeFi-centric products, iterating based on data and feedback. Be able to identify why one piece of work is prioritised over another through (simple) models of impact.\n\nStrategic Alignment\n\nDeFi-Native Roadmap: Under the oversight of the Head of Product, develop and champion a product roadmap that explicitly links every DeFi initiative to core business OKRs. Continuously adapt the plan based on product outcomes updates, technical feasibility, and delivery timelines.\n\nGovernance: Establish and implement agile processes for product and feature validation, and data governance, ensuring all deployed systems are robust, secure, and compliant with both internal risk frameworks and evolving regulations like MiCA.\n\nLeading Continuous Delivery\n\nElite Delivery Performance: Drive the engineering team to achieve and maintain top-quartile delivery performance, measured by DORA metrics. This will be accomplished by driving a world-class DevOps culture, under the oversight of the Head of Product and Head of Engineering, that accelerates the safe, continuous deployment of trading algorithms.\n\nReduced On-Chain Execution Risk: Be accountable for minimising production incidents by delivering systems, processes, and optionally, AI tools, for automated smart contract analysis, pre-deployment strategy simulation, and real-time anomaly detection that safeguards our on-chain trading systems.\n\nEssentials\n\nRelevant Experience: Minimum of 3 years of experience working on technology-powered products in a product, design, engineering, Web3, or DeFi capacity.\n\nExperienced Product Leader: Solid understanding of product discovery, product delivery, and the business viability considerations of DeFi financial operations, including risk, regulatory alignment, and operational costs.\n\nTechnical Literacy: Ability to contribute meaningfully to technical discussions, with a working knowledge of cloud architecture, network constraints, and blockchain-integrated trading systems.\n\nProven Collaborator: Strong cross-functional collaboration skills with experience working alongside engineers, designers, and company leaders in fast-paced, distributed teams, towards shared goals.\n\nStrong communicator: Able to apply emotional intelligence and critical thinking, when dealing with cross-functional teams and stakeholders. Able to communicate and negotiate around team priorities.\n\nData driven: Working knowledge of product and delivery metrics (such as DORA) to guide iterative improvements, and business oriented metrics that measure impact.\n\nBeneficial experience\n\nExposure to quantitative/statistical analysis of DeFi assets and primitives (AMMs, CLAMMs, vAMMs, money markets, etc) and/or understanding of algorithmic trading.\n\nAny Agile or related qualification around iterative software development and/or product management.\n\nBackground in high-performance, regulated environments such as finance, crypto, DeFi, or algorithmic trading is a strong plus.\n\nBusiness strategy/marketing qualifications, or equivalent experience.\n\nOur recruitment philosophy\n\nWe value self-awareness in our recruitment process. We seek people who understand themselves and their career goals. We're after those with the right skills and a conscious choice to join our field. The perfect fit? A crypto enthusiast who’s driven, collaborative, and delivers solid, scalable outcomes.\n\nWhy Keyrock?\n\nBe at the forefront of innovation in digital assets and on-chain financial services\n\nWork on challenging problems with a direct impact on the business.\n\nA competitive salary package, with various benefits depending on the method of engagement (employee or freelancer).\n\nAutonomy in your time management thanks to flexible working hours and the opportunity to work remotely\n\nThe freedom to create your own entrepreneurial experience by being part of a team of people in search of excellence\n\nAs an employer we are committed to build an inclusive, diverse and non-discriminating work environment. We welcome employees of all backgrounds, ethnicities, genders, creed and sexual orientation. We hire, reward and promote entirely based on merit and performance.\n\nDue to the nature of our business and external requirements, we perform background checks on all potential employees, passing which is a prerequisite to join Keyrock."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=609294b34bc175e8","title":"Sales Development Representative Nellapp H/F – Remote","company":"TFMW","location":"{\"city\":\"Clermont-Ferrand\",\"postalCode\":\"63000\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"63000 Clermont-Ferrand\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Clermont-Ferrand (63)\",\"latitude\":45.7833,\"longitude\":3.0833,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"63000 Clermont-Ferrand\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=609294b34bc175e8","description":"Description offre :\nÀ propos de Nellapp\nChez Nellapp, nous aidons les écoles et organismes de formation à franchir le cap du\ndigital. Notre solution associe :\n● Une plateforme LMS intuitive et complète.\n● Des contenus digitaux certifiants (Titres Pro, BTS, modules spécialisés).\nNotre mission : permettre aux établissements de proposer des formations modernes, hybrides et efficaces, en complément du présentiel.\nPour soutenir notre croissance, nous recrutons un Sales Development Representative (SDR) motivé(e) et orienté(e) résultats, qui sera en première ligne pour générer et qualifier de nouvelles opportunités commerciales.\nVos missions\nEn tant que SDR, vous jouerez un rôle clé dans l’alimentation du pipeline commercial :\n● Prospection & génération de leads\n○ Identifier et cibler de nouveaux prospects (écoles, CFA, organismes de formation).\n○ Contacter les prospects via différents canaux : appels, emails, LinkedIn, événements.\n○ Mettre en place des séquences de prospection efficaces.\n● Qualification & prise de rendez-vous\n○ Comprendre les besoins initiaux des prospects.\n○ Qualifier les leads et détecter les opportunités en lien avec nos offres (plateforme + contenus). Organiser et planifier des rendez-vous qualifiés pour les BusinessDevelopers.\n\n● Collaboration avec l’équipe commerciale\n○ Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les Business Developers confirmés.\n○ Remonter les retours du terrain pour affiner les cibles et la stratégie.\n○ Mettre à jour le CRM (HubSpot) de manière rigoureuse.\nPourquoi rejoindre Nellapp ?\n● Un rôle clé : vous êtes la première voix de Nellapp auprès de nos prospects.\n● Impact : vous contribuez directement à la croissance de l’entreprise et à la transformation du secteur de la formation.\n● Flexibilité : poste en présentiel ou en remote depuis la France.\n● Équipe dynamique : vous travaillerez au contact de Business Developers confirmés qui vous aideront à progresser.\n● Rémunération motivante : fixe + variable sur la performance.\n\nNombre d'heures par semaine:\n39\n\nProfil recherché :\nPremière expérience réussie (stage, alternance, CDI) en prospection ou développement commercial.\nForte appétence pour la vente B2B et la prospection.\nGoût pour le contact client, excellent relationnel et bonne communication orale/écrite.\nEsprit organisé, persévérant et orienté résultats.\nUne connaissance du secteur de la formation / EdTech est un plus.\nÀ l’aise avec les outils digitaux et CRM (HubSpot est un plus).\nAvantages :\nPrimes"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=60d80ed6e1d343fa","title":"Sr. Account Executive – France (Remote)","company":"Percona","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=60d80ed6e1d343fa","description":"Percona is in an extraordinary period of growth and transformation and we are looking to add a Senior Account Executive to our outstanding team. This sales role is made for someone who has a successful track record in closing new business, territory and customer relationship management, and business development.\n\nThe Senior Account Executive’s primary goal is to consistently grow our current client base with new customers while simultaneously maximising the opportunity to upsell/cross sell within our existing customer base. You have the freedom to work remotely from your home office. Travel is expected, as required, for customer-facing activities. Aside from quota achievement, the winning candidate will become a leader of a collaborative team-selling model at Percona.\n\nWhat You Will Do\n\n You have a hunter's mentality - big deals endlessly excite you but you understand the value of closing deals of all sizes.\n\n You are able to switch between Enterprise Sales cycles and it’s complexities and Mid-Market selling.\n\n You understand the importance of preparation, process, and urgency.\n\n You can work independently, and are solution-driven and take ownership of your territory.\n\n You are persuasive and present ideas with conviction.\n\n You are successful in building relationships with Senior level executives and stakeholders.\n\n You enjoy collaboration across multi stakeholder groups and problem solving.\n\nWhat You Have Done\n\n Fluency in French (native or equivalent) and English.\n\n Naturally ambitious and loves closing new business.\n\n Sandler methodology trained (or equivalent) and full understanding of solutions selling and associated sales methodologies.\n\n Understands and appreciates the value of deep discovery and qualification and how that leads to better quality pipeline and forecasting.\n\n 10+ years of experience in technology sales, experience in Databases a distinct advantage.\n\n Proven track record in achievement of quotas.\n\n Ability to understand your business and forecast accurately on it.\n\n Knowledge of Open-Source Software market place preferred.\n\n Experience selling into Global 2000 accounts companies.\n\n Solution selling experiences and mindset.\n\n Understanding of Services sales.\n\n Comfortable with travel and customer-facing opportunities, when required.\n\n Experience or interest in agile quick growth companies.\n\n Leadership and mentoring with peers and team.\n\n Enjoys a global team environment.\n\nWhat’s In It for You\n\n Competitive base salary and commission structure.\n\n Uncapped commission; accelerator opportunities.\n\n Representing an expert-level open-source services company.\n\n Work completely remote, with flexible hours!\n\nWhy Percona?\n\nAt Percona, we believe an open world is a better world. Our mission is to enable everyone to innovate freely, by providing the best open source database software, support, and services. We make databases and applications run better through a unique combination of expertise and open source software built with the community for you. Our technical teams are experts in MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, and MariaDB.\n\nPercona is proud to be a remote-only and globally dispersed workforce – we have colleagues in more than 50 countries! We offer a collaborative, highly-engaged culture where your ideas are welcome and your voice is heard.\n\nOur staff receives generous benefits including flexible work hours and various paid time off programs, all your equipment for your remote office, funds for career development (external training, certifications, conferences), ongoing connectivity allowances, and the opportunity to participate in our equity incentive plan. We also have benefits that support a healthy work/life balance such as The Percona Adventure Team, Work-from-Anywhere, FlowDays, FryDays, and overall flexibility. We also support being socially responsible through our PAVE volunteering program and Women Transforming Technology.\n\nIf you love the idea of working with a high-growth tech company that is one of the best in the business and known globally as a leader in the open-source database space, let’s talk!\n\nConnect with us and stay up to date on our latest news and developments by following us on LinkedIn and Twitter. We look forward to connecting with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=62ecdadd9b2b7a7f","title":"Sales Representative – France","company":"BEAUTYSTREAMS","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":59152.83984375,\"salaryMin\":23589.83984375,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 23 589,84 € à 59 152,84 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=62ecdadd9b2b7a7f","description":"*Sales Representative – France (Remote)*\n_Full-Time | Beauty Industry _\n\n*Company Overview:*\nBEAUTYSTREAMS is the go-to B2B trend insights platform for the global beauty industry. We help top beauty brands stay ahead with market foresight, trend analysis, and consumer insight. As we grow, we're looking for a motivated *Sales Representative based in France* to join our international team.\n\n*Job Description:*\nThis is a *remote, full-time sales position* focused on expanding BEAUTYSTREAMS’ presence in the French market. You’ll be responsible for developing new business, managing existing accounts, and working closely with our global team to drive growth in the region.\n\n*Key Responsibilities:*\n\n* Represent BEAUTYSTREAMS in France—engage with local partners, attend trade shows, and liaise with press.\n* Be the main contact for French clients—manage inquiries related to subscriptions and custom projects.\n* Support and implement marketing strategies to increase brand visibility.\n* Identify and research new leads within the French market.\n* Enter and update client data using Salesforce CRM.\n* Present BEAUTYSTREAMS' services (both online and in-person) to potential and existing clients.\n* Collaborate with the global team while independently managing your territory.\n\n*Qualifications:*\n\n* Experience in sales or marketing (beauty/fashion industry experience is a plus).\n* Fluent in French (native level) and proficient in English.\n* Comfortable working remotely and managing responsibilities independently.\n* Detail-oriented, reliable, and organized.\n* Strong communication and presentation skills.\n* Knowledge of Salesforce and Microsoft Office Suite is a plus.\n* Proactive mindset with an entrepreneurial spirit.\n\n*Job Type:*\nFull-time, Remote\n\n*Compensation:*\nCompetitive, based on experience.\n\n*How To Apply: *Please send your CV in english to careers@beautystreams.com\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nLanguage:\n\n* French (Required)\n* English (Required)\n\nWork Location: Remote\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: 23,589.84€ - 59,152.84€ per year\n\nWork Location: Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=632b8c984b7257b2","title":"Senior FP&A Consultant","company":"UNIT4","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=632b8c984b7257b2","description":"Company Description\n\nWe are in Business for People, empowering people in service organisations with innovative Enterprise and Business software solutions. We’ve innovated and taken a new approach to delivering ERP that works for people. Self-driving, adaptive and intuitive software that is changing the way people work. Our solutions empower people and deliver a better people experience so people can spend time on meaningful high-value work they live for.\n\nRead more on our website about how we transform work and how people feel about it, so our customers and their people can thrive.\n\nJob Description\n\nCustomer Onboarding & Delivery\n\nAct as FP&A Lead in delivery projects, providing oversight and ensuring alignment to customer objectives.\nCollaborate on sales handovers to ensure a seamless project transition.\nDesign scalable, cost-effective customer solutions with a focus on reducing complexity\nAct as a trusted advisor, delivering insights and best practices drawn from your experience.\nSupport project governance including design, timelines, budgets, risks, and change management.\nProvide quality assurance across multiple concurrent FP&A implementations.\nCoach, mentor, and provide constructive feedback to colleagues.\nWork with customer data teams to ensure seamless integration of financial and operational data sources, promoting end-to-end visibility and data integrity\nEnable predictive analytics and scenario modeling to support more agile and informed decision-making\nImplement agile planning processes, including rolling forecasts and driver-based models to enhance responsiveness\nHelp customers establish KPIs and track financial and operational performance to maximize strategic value from FP&A\nSupport cross-functional planning by aligning Finance with HR, Sales, and Operations stakeholders.\n\nPost Go-Live Engagement\n\nCollaborate with Project Managers and Customer Success teams to ensure smooth transition post-implementation.\nSupport ongoing customer success efforts, including business case realization and identifying upsell opportunities.\nConduct solution reviews and customer health checks to maximize adoption and expansion.\n\nProduct & Thought Leadership\n\nStay current on emerging technologies, regulations, and FP&A best practices.\nContribute to internal product boards, helping shape enhancements to both product functionality and delivery methodology.\nRepresent Unit4 at industry events and conferences.\nMaintain strong internal stakeholder engagement\n\nQualifications\n\nProven track record delivering medium to large-scale FP&A software implementations with business-critical impact.\nPrevious experience working for an FP&A consultancy vendor.\nDeep knowledge of Financial Planning and Analysis principles and tools.\nFamiliarity with formal project delivery methodologies (e.g., Agile, Prince2, etc.).\nStrong business analysis capabilities and customer-centric problem-solving approach.\nCommercial awareness and understanding of technology-enabled business transformation.\nInfluential leadership and stakeholder management skills.\nPositive, proactive mindset with the ability to work independently under pressure.\nBachelor's degree (or equivalent experience) in a relevant field.\n\nAdditional Information\n\nJoin Unit4 and be part of one of the most exciting journeys in the cloud ERP software space. We’re a fast-paced, high-growth, people-centric company, delivering enterprise software for a great people experience, and offering our own people a host of benefits and development opportunities. Grow with us At Unit4, we offer:\n\n• a culture built on trust - giving you the freedom and autonomy to be successful;\n• balance - with our uncapped time off policy, remote working opportunities and Global Wellbeing Days when the whole company can switch off and prioritize well-being;\n• talented colleagues, role models and mentors - work, learn and be inspired by some of the best talent in the software industry;\n• a commitment to sustainability - with initiatives such as our Act4Good program, a way for everyone at Unit4 to come together and engage in actions that benefit society and the planet;\n• a safe and inclusive working environment – supported by our Employee Resource Groups, which are open to all and include Women at Unit4, Pride at Unit4, Mental Health and Access at Unit4, and People of Color at Unit4.\n\nThis role may require security clearance required for customer projects and access to sensitive (customer) data. That means that after you have accepted our offer, we could ask for background checks. Subject to applicable local laws, such security checks may require disclosure of personal information including criminal record declaration, right to work, personal identification and work history. No worries though – we'll handle it according to local privacy laws and keep your info safe. Questions? Feel free to reach out!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=639183e8aaad5151","title":"New Business Account Executive (Benelux Market)","company":"Revolut","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a year ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=639183e8aaad5151","description":"About Revolut\n\nPeople deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, and more freedom. Since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. Our powerhouse of products — including spending, saving, investing, exchanging, travelling, and more — help our 65+ million customers get more from their money every day.\n\nAs we continue our lightning-fast growth,‌ 2 things are essential to our success: our people and our culture. In recognition of our outstanding employee experience, we've been certified as a Great Place to Work™. So far, we have 10,000+ people working around the world, from our offices and remotely, to help us achieve our mission. And we're looking for more brilliant people. People who love building great products, redefining success, and turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.\n\nAbout the role\n\nOur Sales team powers customer growth around the world. From prospecting to acquisition and activation, they own their market segments, solve complex problems, and help more customers discover the value of Revolut with a sharp, solution-oriented approach.\n\nWe’re looking for an Account Executive to provide an excellent experience for our new business customers. You'll effectively identify opportunities, conduct outreach, and drive deals through the funnel, owning closing and end-to-end activation.\n\nIf you’re a motivated individual who enjoys a challenge and acts with integrity at all times, we’d love to hear from you.\n\nWhat you'll be doing\n\nOutreaching prospects across multiple touch points and channels, with an emphasis on cold-calling\nDeveloping and executing a robust lead-sourcing strategy by identifying key verticals, diversifying your prospects base, and maintaining consistent activity levels\nBuilding and managing your own pipeline, from prospecting to closing and account management, maximising adoption and upsell/cross-sell opportunities\nLiaising customer relationships with Revolut internal stakeholders to ensure a smooth experience, from getting started to daily usage\nBeing autonomous to effectively balance your time (prospect vs. close vs. upsell), activate internal resources, and engage your team\nUsing solution-based selling to understand customer needs and communicate the value proposition\nBecoming a product expert on Revolut Business, its market positioning, and the solutions it offers, backed by relevant, compelling case studies\n\nWhat you'll need\n\nFluency in English and Dutch\n1+ years of demonstrable commercial experience, particularly in outbound sales and prospecting\nExcellent communication skills and articulation over the phone\nImpeccable literacy skills (email, LinkedIn outreach)\nA keen interest in launching a career in a high-performing sales culture\nProven determination and accountability to succeed in a fast-paced environment\nA willingness to contribute outside of core responsibilities to provide an optimal customer experience\nCuriosity and an attitude of a quick data-oriented learner who thrives in a dynamic, collaborative environment\nEffective time management and organisation skills to balance customer engagement, deal closing, and CRM administration\n\nNice to have\n\nA degree in finance or a business-related subject\nAn entrepreneurial, problem-solving mindset\nTo be a deal closer with a positive, creative, and innovative attitude\nExperience in a reputable startup\nImpressive cross-functional project management skills\nTo be comfortable in a complex selling environment with the ability to communicate with decision makers at many levels\nFluency in Dutch\n\nBuilding a global financial super app isn’t enough. Our Revoluters are a priority, and that’s why in 2021 we launched our inaugural D&I Framework, designed to help us thrive and grow everyday. We're not just doing this because it's the right thing to do. We’re doing it because we know that seeking out diverse talent and creating an inclusive workplace is the way to create exceptional, innovative products and services for our customers. That’s why we encourage applications from people with diverse backgrounds and experiences to join this multicultural, hard-working team.\n\nImportant notice for candidates:\n\nJob scams are on the rise. Please keep these guidelines in mind when applying for any open roles.\n\n• Only apply through official Revolut channels. We don’t use any third-party services or platforms for our recruitment.\n\n• Always double-check the emails you receive. Make sure all communications are being done through official Revolut emails, with an @revolut.com domain.\n\nWe won't ask for payment or personal financial information during the hiring process. If anyone does ask you for this, it’s a scam. Report it immediately.\n\nBy submitting this application, I confirm that all the information given by me in this application for employment and any additional documents attached hereto are true to the best of my knowledge and that I have not wilfully suppressed any material fact. I confirm I have disclosed if applicable any previous employment with Revolut. I accept that if any of the information given by me in this application is in any way false or incorrect, my application may be rejected, any offer of employment may be withdrawn or my employment with Revolut may be terminated summarily or I may be dismissed. By submitting this application, I agree that my personal data will be processed in accordance with Revolut's Candidate Privacy Notice\n\nNotice: This is a remote position based in France."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=63972f3f915f3009","title":"Document Management & Systems Lead","company":"EXCELYA","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Île-de-France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Île-de-France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Île-de-France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=63972f3f915f3009","description":"About the Job\n\nJoin Excelya as a Business Expert: Documentary System Project Manager and take a leading role in the transformation of clinical research documentation processes across our organization. You will spearhead initiatives aimed at enhancing our documentary systems, ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements, and improving operational efficiency.\n\nIn this strategic position, you will engage with various stakeholders to gather requirements, analyze current processes, and implement innovative solutions that streamline project activities.\n\nMain Responsibilities:\n\nAre you passionate about digital transformation and regulatory excellence in R&D?\n\nWe’re looking for a Document Management & Systems Lead to manage and optimize the document management platforms, ensuring high standards of compliance and efficiency.\n\nYou’ll act as the bridge between science, quality, and technology, leading key projects that shape the future of documentation in pharmaceutical research.\n\n1) Functional administration:\n\n• Functional administration of the databases\n\n• Follow up of issues and improvements\n\n• Management of evolution and releases as Business Expert\n\n• Follow-up of the system validation status\n\n• Redaction of SOP and training materials\n\n• User assistance\n\n• Management of training, and maintenance of e-learnings\n\n• Service provider coordination\n\n2) Improvement of business process: To faster and improve business process by the use of information systems\n\n3) Flagship projects (new information systems):\n\n• Leading operational and steering committee\n\n• Writing URS in collaboration with key users\n\n• Review of Functional Specifications\n\n• Ensuring contact with IT, Legal, QA staff involved in the project\n\n• Ensuring project management follow-up\n\nRequirements\n\nAbout You\n\nWe are looking for a proactive and detail-oriented Project Manager with a strong background in documentary systems in clinical research or a related field.\n\nExperience: Knowledge of SharePoint and Documentum (or another eDMS) environments.\nEducation: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Science, or a related discipline.\nLanguages: Fluency in French and English is essential\nLocation: Hybrid is preferred. Remote also could be considered.\n\nEmbrace the opportunity to drive positive change at Excelya, where we believe in audacious growth and impactful solutions!\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Us?\n\nAt Excelya, we combine passion for science with enthusiasm for teamwork to redefine excellence in healthcare.\n\nHere’s what makes us unique\n\nWe are a young, ambitious health company representing 900 Excelyates, driven to become Europe’s leading mid-size CRO with the best employee experience. Our one-stop provider service model—offering full-service, functional service provider, and consulting—enables you to evolve through diverse projects. Working alongside preeminent experts, you will help improve scientific, operational, and human knowledge to enhance the patient’s journey.\n\nExcelling with care means benefiting from an environment that values your natural talents, pushes boundaries with audacity, and nurtures your potential, allowing you to contribute fully to our shared mission."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65610cd05e1941c0","title":"Sales Executive (Paris)","company":"Provenir","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":\"Remote\",\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65610cd05e1941c0","description":"Who We Are\nProvenir is a global fintech company with offices across North America, the UK, and Singapore. Provenir helps fintechs, financial institutions, and payment providers make smarter decisions, faster. We are passionate about technology and empowering businesses to become industry leaders. As a leading provider of decisioning and analytics products for financial services and other industries, we empower businesses to create digital-first decisioning solutions that drive business growth. If you’d like to work at an innovative fintech with a global footprint that is redefining the industry, then we want you!\n\nWho We Are Looking For\nThe Sales Executive will focus on business development, acquiring new accounts, and cultivating long-term relationships within the bank and non-bank financial services industry (including retail, insurance, fintech, and health sectors). This role requires a strong hunter mindset to find and secure new business opportunities within a defined market segment and/or geographic territory, as well as a farmer approach to maintain, nurture, and grow these accounts over time.\nThe Sales Executive is responsible for developing and implementing strategies to foster new business while also expanding relationships with existing clients to achieve the company’s sales goals. In line with a defined sales plan and Provenir's sales and delivery processes, the Sales Executive will execute targeted sales campaigns and activities that increase Provenir’s customer base and drive sustained revenue growth.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\nConsistent track record of achieving and/or exceeding sales targets\nDevelop a lead acquisition plan for the territory\nDevelop and manage an effective pipeline of prospects\nManaging a 9-12 month complex sales cycle\nNegotiate enterprise-level contractual agreements\nRelationship Management\nClose Business\nSupport Client and Account Management to delivery\nProcess & Reporting\n\nQualifications, Strengths, and Skills\nA minimum of seven years working in an enterprise sales environment\nMinimum of 7–10 years of experience in enterprise B2B sales, ideally within financial services, banking technology, fraud prevention, or data analytics.\nExperience solution selling into, or within the domain of enterprise technology\nExperience in cloud-hosted technology solutions\nThrives in an accountable sales culture\nWorking knowledge of BPM, CRM, Case Management Software, or enterprise-wide specific solutions within a vertical market\nDemonstrable ability to engage with and manage “C” level relationships\nOrganized and effective communication and strong Listening skills\nAbility to understand complex business problems and provide simplified solutions\nExperience in advanced sales questioning and sales methodologies\nSelf-motivated and Team player\nAbility to consult with a range of multi-cultural banks and non-bank financial institutions\nExcellent time management\nFluency in English and native-level French is required, including the ability to communicate effectively with French-speaking African populations, particularly in Morocco and similar Francophone regions\nOur employees are our top priority; we offer comprehensive health and wellness plans. You will enjoy paid time off and company holidays, flexible and remote-friendly opportunities, and maternity/paternity leave.\n\nAt Provenir, we recognize that diversity and inclusion make our teams stronger. We are committed to equal employment opportunity and welcome everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, domestic partner status, citizenship, or veteran status or medical condition. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=66891ddfdf6338c4","title":"Chief Executive Officer (French speaker)","company":"Saas.group","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=66891ddfdf6338c4","description":"This role is part of our CrossTalent team, one of our growing brands at saas.group.\n\nProfile Overview\n\nCrosstalent, a leading provider of Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS) in the French market, is seeking a dynamic, growth-oriented Chief Executive Officer (CEO) to lead the next stage of our journey.\n\nAs a Salesforce OEM partner with a powerful, flexible platform tailored to mid-sized and large enterprises, Crosstalent combines SaaS revenue with a strong professional services component. Our remote-first, agile organization is profitable, growing, and well-positioned to scale.\n\nWe're looking for a CEO who can amplify our momentum, lead a high-performing team of ~25 professionals, and position Crosstalent as the go-to HRIS provider for organizations seeking both robust technology and deep domain expertise.\n\nYour responsibilities\nStrategic Leadership: Define and execute the long-term vision\nGrowth Acceleration: Drive new client acquisition and market expansion while deepening relationships with existing enterprise customers.\nOperational Excellence: Oversee scalable processes across product development, sales, marketing, services, and support.\nTeam Leadership: Inspire, retain, and grow a distributed, high-caliber team within a remote-first culture.\nPartnership Management: Strengthen the company's Salesforce OEM relationship and identify new strategic opportunities.\nFinancial Stewardship: Own P&L accountability, with a focus on profitable growth and operational efficiency.\nWhat You bring to the table\nProven CEO or GM experience in a B2B SaaS or enterprise software business, or at an Independent Software Vendor, ideally in HR Tech, ERP, or CRM domains.\nFluency in French and English is required.\nStrong understanding of enterprise sales cycles, with experience serving complex clients (500+ employees).\nTrack record of scaling subscription-based businesses with services components.\nExperience working with Salesforce technologies or in the Salesforce ecosystem is a strong advantage.\nInspirational leadership style with the ability to attract, motivate, and lead top talent in a remote-first environment.\nData-driven, strategic thinker with a hands-on, entrepreneurial mindset.\nWhat's in it for You\nThe opportunity to lead a respected, profitable SaaS company with strong foundations and room to scale.\nCompetitive executive compensation with meaningful performance-based incentives.\nUltimate flexibility: We're 100% remote. You can work from wherever you like, whenever you like.\nFreedom and autonomy: We're a high-trust team, and you'll be given lots of flexibility to solve problems in your own way — with plenty of help from the team when you need it.\nMinimum bureaucracy: We don't like to get bogged down with meetings and red tape. We like to be efficient and keep momentum steady & sustainable.\nSmall & friendly team: We help each other out, have fun, and joke around.\nOur network: We are a community of entrepreneurial SaaS professionals that regularly exchange ideas, knowledge, learning and expertise with each other internally.\nFlexible time off: We want you to recharge your batteries when needed.\n\nCrossTalent is part of saas.group and we have a shared goal of succeeding together.\n\nWhat is saas.group?\n\nThink of us as the driving catalyst behind your favorite software success stories. saas.group, established in 2017, is on a mission to turbocharge promising B2B SaaS ventures, unlocking their full potential. As a Software-as-a-Service portfolio powerhouse, we specialize in acquiring small software treasures and polishing them into industry stars. With a dynamic, fully remote team of nearly 350+ colleagues spanning 50+ countries we are truly global and we are rewriting the playbook on SaaS innovation and collaboration. We grow 21 exciting brands under our umbrella. Feel free to explore our Candidate's Hub to get an insider's view, dive into our culture, gain valuable insights into our teams and how we work.\n\nAlso, don't forget to follow saas.group on LinkedIn to stay up-to-date on our job openings, podcast episodes, and with all things happening at our company.\n\nWe don't just simply offer you to \"take a job with us\" but rather to \"join us on this journey\" to build the world's largest platform of independent SaaS companies.\n\nSounds like something you're up for? Feel free to apply even if you don't check all these boxes. We believe in the power of diversity and fresh perspectives to spice up our team. Your application might just be the missing ingredient!\n\n—\n\nsaas.group is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. If you're passionate about working with a team that values innovation, excellence, and fairness, we encourage you to apply."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=683e524127be1d85","title":"Sales Operations Specialist (Remote-EU)","company":"P2P. org","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=683e524127be1d85","description":"P2P.org is the largest institutional staking provider with a TVL of over $10B and a market share exceeding 20% in restaking.\n\nWe are continually focused on researching and improving our infrastructure to extract maximum APR while enhancing security. For instance, in ETH and SOL, our NRR is on average 10% higher than the market, and in DOT, it's 20% higher.\n\nWe also place significant focus and resources on launching new networks such as TON, Avail, Monad, Babylon, Story, Berachain, and others, along with yield products. From restaking, where we are the largest operator with a 20+% market share, to yield aggregators on stablecoins.\n\nOur clients include BitGo, Copper, Crypto.com, Ledger, ByBit, Bitget, OKX, HTX, Bitvavo, SBI, and others, who choose us for our client-centric approach and extensive product line from unified API to widgets and custom dApps.\n\nWe are also actively expanding our product line, exploring RWA, data, yield, and service products for banks, exchanges, custodians, and wallets.\n\nP2P.org unites talented individuals globally\n\nDespite our distributed team, we share a passion for decentralized finance - a fairer system for all. We code, learn, create, and connect to shape finance's future\n\nP2P.org boasts a strong reputation and network. We prioritize customer satisfaction and, as tech enthusiasts, develop innovative solutions that bolster our brand.\n\nWhat We’re Looking For\n\nWe’re looking for someone who is detail-oriented , well-organised , and able to stay focused on repetitive tasks with precision. Experience in implementing and following structured processes is essential. Additionally, advanced English skills (C1 or above) are required to communicate effectively within our team.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nYou Will\n\nSales Processes Support: Implement and optimise sales processes to drive efficiency and productivity.\n\nReporting and Integrations Handling: Assist the team in building on-demand reports and dashboards in the CRM (Hubspot), support integrations of new sales tools and plug-ins.\n\nData enrichment and integrity: Work with sales-related datasets and enrich the existing databases.\n\nMarket & Investment Research: Research industry trends, competitors, and potential clients to uncover growth opportunities.\n\nConference Support: Compile lists of relevant side events, handle registrations, and assist in building targeted lead lists.\n\nCollaboration: Partner with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product, and customer service, to support strategic sales initiatives.\n\nRequirements\n\nYou Have\n\nA Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Finance, or a related field (or equivalent experience).\n\n1-2 years of experience in sales operations, business analysis, or a similar role (internships are also valued).\n\nCrypto or blockchain industry experience is a plus, but not required.\n\nExperience with CRM systems (HubSpot proficiency preferable) and data analysis/data enrichment tools (Phantombuster, Apollo or similar).\n\nExcel knowledge: Comfortable working with Excel/Google Sheets functions. Able to create and manage pivot tables, capable of cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy and reliability in outputs.\n\nSense of Accountability: Strong ownership of assigned tasks and deadlines. Ability to consistently deliver work on time or communicating proactively in advance if a deadline cannot be met, providing transparency and enabling the team to readjust plans.\n\nDirective Execution: Operating effectively in a directive work environment. Receiving instructions and task descriptions, translating them into actionable steps, and delivering results in line with the given requirements with strong focus on execution and accuracy rather than reshaping the assignment.\n\nExcellent written and verbal communication skills in English (C1 or above).\n\nStrong organizational skills with the ability to multitask effectively.\n\nAttention to detail: Ability to stay focused on repetitive tasks.\n\nAdaptability: Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment and adjusting to change quickly.\n\nConditions\n\nWhat we offer\n\nAt P2P.org we have a team of experts with their own unique approach and ownership culture. Together we gain experience and make dreams come true!\n\nFully remote\n\nFull-time Contractor (Indefinite-term Consultancy Agreement)\n\nCompetitive salary level in $ (we can also pay in Crypto)\n\nWell-being program\n\nMental Health care program\n\nCompensation for education, including Foreign Language & professional growth courses\n\nEquipment & co-working reimbursement program\n\nOverseas conferences, community immersion\n\nPositive and friendly communication culture\n\nP2P.org is committed to providing equal opportunities. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or disability."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=68c9fa292ed75d41","title":"Regional Sales Manager for France","company":"FieldBee","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=68c9fa292ed75d41","description":"FieldBee by eFarmer is an agricultural machine automation company that designs, manufactures, and markets tractor guidance and steering systems, field operations software, and data-driven solutions for farmers, agricultural OEMs, and distributors. Committed to supporting the transition toward more efficient farming, FieldBee provides solutions that improve productivity and support long-term sustainability in agriculture.\n\nOur products are developed with modern technologies and designed to remain accessible to small and mid-sized farmers, while ensuring the highest standards of quality and reliability. FieldBee is steadily expanding its portfolio, including ISOBUS solutions for seamless implement integration.\n\nOur products are trusted by farmers in more than 60 countries worldwide.\n\nNow we’re looking to expand locally and strengthen our presence in France, and we are seeking a Regional Sales Manager to lead B2C sales development, build strong relationships with customers, and help bring our precision farming solutions to more farmers across the country.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\nDevelop and implement sales strategies to drive the commercial success of FieldBee products in France.\nManage the full sales cycle — from lead generation and prospecting to contract negotiation and closing.\nProvide technical advice and product demonstrations to customers, highlighting the advantages of our solutions versus the competition.\nMonitor market trends, customer needs, and competitor activities to identify new business opportunities.\nCollaborate closely with internal teams (marketing, product development, etc.) and with our local distributor to align strategies and deliver customer-focused solutions.\nPrepare and present sales forecasts, reports, and performance analyses to management.\n\nOur ideal candidate:\n\nDeep understanding of agricultural clients, with sensitivity to farmers’ needs, priorities, and concerns\nAbility to connect authentically with farmers and “speak their language”\nFrench language (native or proficient) and comfortable communicating in English in a work context\nMinimum of 3 years’ sales experience, ideally in international B2C direct sales\nExcellent listening and analytical skills — able to ask insightful questions and adapt based on what you learn\nAmbitious and outgoing, with confidence in achieving challenging sales goals\nBased in France\n\n Requirements:\n\nProven experience in sales, business development, or account management, preferably in the agriculture sector — experience in precision agriculture is a strong plus\nExcellent communication, negotiation, and presentation skills\nHands-on experience with CRM systems\nAbility to work independently and manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment\n\nPreferred Qualifications:\n\nBackground in agriculture, agronomy, or a related technical field\nAt least 5 years of experience in agricultural machinery and/or precision agriculture technologies\nFamiliarity with GPS, telematics, and other precision and digital farming tools\n\nWhat we offer\n\nThe opportunity to work in a fast-growing and dynamic technology company\nA strong social and ecological mission: supporting farmers while helping the environment\nCompetitive salary with a performance-based bonus system\nFlexible working hours\nRemote work opportunities"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6971f5346f609c76","title":"Senior Technical Product Manager","company":"Prisma Data","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6971f5346f609c76","description":"At Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data infrastructure powering companies like Twitter, Airbnb, and Facebook, but want the agility, ownership, and impact of a fast-moving startup, then Prisma is the place for you.\n\nBacked by top-tier Silicon Valley investors like Amplify Partners, Kleiner Perkins, and IVP, our small, distributed team is making advanced database technology accessible to developers everywhere. Our open-source tools are trusted by over 400,000 developers each month, with a thriving community on Discord and GitHub, where we’ve earned 43,000+ GitHub Stars.\n\nAt the heart of our commercial offerings is Prisma Postgres, our flagship product designed to supercharge PostgreSQL with modern developer workflows, performance optimizations, and seamless scaling. Alongside it, Prisma Accelerate, and Studio, provide a world-class tookit for building with data.\n\nBy combining the power of open-source with cutting-edge commercial solutions, we’re shaping the future of databases, one developer at a time.\n\nWhat would you do at Prisma?\n\nWe’re looking for a Product Manager to join the team at Prisma and take ownership of critical areas of our developer-first database platform. In this role, you’ll be responsible for driving the full lifecycle of product development, from identifying user problems to delivering impactful solutions that scale.\n\nYou’ll work across discovery and delivery, continuously validating ideas, shaping product direction, and coordinating cross-functional teams to ship meaningful improvements. Your work will directly impact thousands of developers and teams using Prisma to build modern applications.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\nUnderstand users deeply: Run research to uncover values, pain points, and unmet needs across our user base.\nValidate rigorously: Test hypotheses and gather insights through interviews, prototypes, and experiments.\nDesign for impact: Explore and prioritize opportunities based on business and product KPIs.\nShape solutions: Collaborate on design, architecture, and developer experience to build clear, intuitive features.\nLead execution: Drive alignment across engineering, design, and marketing, ensuring quality and delivery at every step.\nOwn the outcomes: Track success, share learnings, and refine based on measurable results post-launch.\n\nYou’ll report to a senior product leader and work closely with a strong team of engineers. We’re looking for someone who’s analytical, user-obsessed, and ready to take real ownership. A technical background and an understanding of database technology will be a big advantage in being successful in this role.\n\nOur Ideal Candidate Profile\n\nWe believe the right candidate for this position should meet a majority of the criteria listed below.\n\n3-5 years of experience in product management, with developer-focused products or with a technical background\nExperience conducting user research activities, including planning the research, running surveys and user interviews.\nExperience in database and backend technologies, including TypeScript, databases and some familiarity with cloud services, APIs. Developer tooling is a plus.\nHigh standards for quality, ensuring excellence while balancing pragmatism, purpose, and a strong sense of agenc, taking ownership, making thoughtful trade-offs, and driving meaningful impact. Able to clearly communicate and advocate for a perspective, to any audience.\nStrong communication skills in English, both written and verbal—able to articulate complex ideas clearly, adapt messaging to different audiences, give and receive constructive feedback effectively, and foster collaboration across teams.\nYou have a structured thought process, approaching problems methodically and making well-reasoned decisions. You plan effectively, setting clear goals, anticipating challenges, and ensuring smooth execution while keeping stakeholders aligned.\nWhat's it like to work at Prisma?\n\nYou're likely to be a great fit for the team if you ...\n\n... have an ownership mindset. You'll have an outsized impact on decisions and the way things are executed.\n... stay nimble. It's a startup, things change and you are ok with that. Be ready to re-calibrate often and stay flexible.\n... be kind and collaborative. Come in ready to share your ideas and listen to feedback.\nWhat's in it for you?\n\nWe put our people first. Strong pay, full flexibility, and benefits that make a difference. Take the time off that you need, grow your career, and do work that matters.\n\nAn opportunity to lead the team shaping Prisma’s cutting-edge cloud products, driving innovation in modern database tooling and redefining how developers build and scale applications.\nA Fun and Supportive Team that values collaboration, growth, and continuous learning.\nCompetitive Base Salary and Stock Options, including extended post-termination exercise windows.\nFully Remote Work with flexibility to work from anywhere within our required time zones. If you prefer an office environment, we provide access to a local co-working space for up to ten days per month.\nGenerous Time Off, including twenty-four days of paid vacation and paid sick leave.\nParental Benefits, including twenty weeks of fully paid parental leave and child sick leave.\nSabbatical Leave, with six weeks of fully paid time off after three years of continuous employment.\nMental Health Support, including four fully paid Mental Health Days per year and access to professional resources.\nTech and Ergonomic Budget to equip you with the tools you need, plus an ergonomic chair subsidy for your comfort and well-being.\nAnnual Offsites, bringing the team together twice a year with all expenses paid retreats at exciting locations.\nRelocation Support, offering a relocation package for team members moving to Berlin after twelve months, if you choose to relocate.\n[US] Health and Pension Benefits, including comprehensive health, dental, vision, and 401k matching.\nRemote Work\n\nTo ensure effective collaboration we can currently only accept candidates within the timezone GMT -2 to GMT +3 for this position.\n\nWhat is our hiring process like?\nIntroductory Call with our Head of Product.\nTake Home Assignment followed by a technical interview based on your assignment with members from Product Development & Leadership Team.\nCross-Functional Team Interview with some of the engineers that form part of your team.\nInterview with our Head of Engineering.\nFinal Interview **with our CEO.\nOffer\n\nThe above serves as a basic outline, we might choose to add or remove steps based on the information that we gather during the process.\n\nIf you believe that this is the right position for you then please send your resume along with any supporting documentation or information to us via the link provided on this page.\n\nWe typically respond within 7 business days.\n\nIn line with our Fair Treatment and Equal Opportunity Policy, as well as our Disability Policy, Prisma follows fair and merit-based hiring practices, ensuring all candidates are evaluated based on their skills, experience, and qualifications. We do not make hiring decisions based on age, race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, parental or caregiver status, trade union membership, disability, religious belief or lack of belief, life expectancy, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veteran or military status."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=699bb494c964fae8","title":"Territory Account Manager - EU","company":"QbDVision, Inc.","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=699bb494c964fae8","description":"About The Role\n\nWe are looking for a Territory Account Manager motivated to drive new customer growth and build relationships with a portfolio of existing global pharma and biotech customers to help further drive expansion and revenue growth.\n\nWhat You’ll Own\n\nSales & Revenue Generation:\nDeveloping and implementing a territory sales plan associated with company’s sales targets\nMaintaining a consistent pipeline of prospects through networking, referrals, industry research, etc.\nPartnering with the pre-sales Product Specialist to provide informative product demonstrations tailored to specific prospect needs and workflows within CMC and related areas.\nDeveloping detailed and persuasive responses to Requests for Proposals (RFPs) and Requests for Information (RFIs), highlighting our business value, solution strengths, and differentiation.\nCollaborating with Product Specialists to understand prospect requirements and design optimal solution architectures that align with their scientific workflows.\nGrowing the overall business and presence at named accounts, originating new engagements across pharmaceutical development and commercial manufacturing\nSolution Expertise:\nMaintaining an understanding of our platform’s features, functionality, and technical architecture.\nPossessing or developing an understanding of and maintaining expertise in the scientific workflows within pharmaceutical and biotechnology manufacturing, particularly CMC and related software solutions (e.g., LIMS, ELN, MES, RIM).\nStaying current on industry trends, emerging technologies, and the competitive landscape within the pharma/biotech SaaS space.\nArticulating the value proposition of our platform in the context of customer-specific scientific and business challenges.\nContent and Tool Development:\nContributing to the development of technical sales collateral, including demo scripts, presentations, FAQs, and technical documentation.\nIdentifying opportunities to create reusable solutions, templates, and best practices for common customer use cases.\nProviding feedback to the Product and Engineering teams based on customer interactions and market insights.\nCustomer Engagement and Relationship Building\nBuilding and maintaining strong relationships with key stakeholders within the client organizations, in particular business (PD, MSAT, tech ops), digital/IT and data leadership, and practitioners in pharmaceutical development, tech transfer, and manufacturing,\nServing as the primary point of contact for clients, advocating for their needs and interests within the company\nDeveloping account plans to identify opportunities for upselling or cross-selling additional licenses, products, or services and maximizing client lifetime value\nManaging contract renewals and ensuring that clients continue to derive value from the company’s offerings.\nPartnering with Customer Success to address client concerns or escalations in a timely and effective manner and collaborating with internal teams to find solutions.\nTravel and Industry Participation:\nTraveling to customer sites as needed for meetings, demonstrations, and technical workshops (30% of time).\nAttending industry conferences and events to stay informed about market trends and network with potential customers (20%).\n\nRequirements\n\nStrong network of executive leaders within the CMC, research, development, and manufacturing organizations of the Top 100 global pharma and biotech companies\nA minimum of 5 years relevant domain experience in pharmaceutical / biotech CMC, process development, and commercial manufacturing\nA minimum of 7 years management consulting experience within relevant domains above and/or leading technology transformations in the pharmaceutical industry\nProven experience originating a large, steady sales pipeline through lead generation and/or network-driven sales\nExperience leading successful RFI/RFP responses, coordinating cross-functionally to respond to inquiries spanning user requirements, commercial offer, professional services and beyond\nExperience implementing CMC or CMC-adjacent technology solutions in the pharmaceutical industry\nStrong executive communication skills and executive presence\nCreative thinking and problem-solving aptitude\nDegree in a scientific or engineering discipline\nWillingness to travel frequently in your territory\n\nBenefits\n\nOur people-first focus: Every company decision is made with you in mind. From our unlimited PTO to flexible work hours, we do our best to prioritize our people by empowering them to work (and live!) in the way that best suits their needs.\nCulture of teaching and learning: Growth is the bedrock of success, so we strive for it at every opportunity.\nCompetitive compensation package: Keeping great talent means knowing someone’s value, and paying them for it. Our salaries, equity offerings, and bonuses reflect the A-players we hire.\nHealth Insurance, Disability, Insurance, and Mental Health Services: You can’t bring your best self to work if you’re not feeling well. Our wellness offerings will help you get back in the saddle in no time!\nHybrid Office Model: As a virtual company with teammates located around the world, you will have the option to work from home and/or to go into an office (if you are in one of our brick and mortar cities – Austin, Boston, and Dublin).\nStipends: We offer our full-timers various stipends to promote professional growth and allow for success in one’s role. Making you better makes us better!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ca5d82d5d04c3e3","title":"Chargé(e) de marketing et de communication digitale","company":"Creadium","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":1200,\"salaryMin\":800,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 800 € à 1 200 € par mois\",\"salaryType\":\"monthly\"}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ca5d82d5d04c3e3","description":"Apprenti(e) Chargé(e) de marketing et de communication digitale\n\n*Lieu :* 100 % Télétravail\n*Contrat :* Alternance\n*Rythme préféré :* 3 semaines / 1 semaine\n*Disponibilité :* Immédiate\n\nÀ propos de Creadium\n\n*Creadium* est une agence de marketing digital dynamique et innovante qui accompagne ses clients dans la création de *stratégies digitales sur mesure*, alliant créativité et technologie.\n\nRejoindre Creadium, c’est intégrer une *agence en constante évolution*, où chaque projet est une opportunité d’apprendre et de grandir.\nNous valorisons *l’autonomie, l’initiative et la collaboration*, offrant ainsi un environnement stimulant pour les talents en devenir.\n\nVos missions\n\nEn tant qu’*Apprenti(e) Chargé(e) de marketing et de communication digitale*, vos missions s’articuleront autour des axes suivants :\n\n1. Gestion des leads & base de données\n\n* Créer les connexions (*Zapier ou équivalent*) entre notre CRM (*HubSpot*) et ceux des clients pour qu’ils reçoivent les leads en temps réel.\n* Mettre à jour les bases de données des leads par client (suppression sur demande, mise à jour des informations).\n* Assurer le suivi des leads : *leads validés vs leads refusés*.\n* Suivre les indicateurs clés : *nombre de leads générés, taux de validation, coût par lead*.\n* Préparer les *tableaux / rapports de facturation* (leads générés vs leads validés).\n\n2. Gestion et suivi des campagnes publicitaires\n\n* Suivre les campagnes *Google Ads* et *Meta Ads* :\n* Vérification quotidienne/hebdomadaire des budgets.\n* Alerte en cas de dépassement ou d’anomalie.\n* Préparation de nouvelles campagnes selon les briefs clients (ciblage, messages, formats).\n* Suivi des performances et optimisation des mots-clés.\n* Produire des *rapports clairs et visuels* (tableaux, graphiques, commentaires).\n\n3. Communication & création de contenus\n\n* Rédiger et publier des *posts LinkedIn* pour le compte de l’agence.\n* Rédiger des *articles de blog SEO-friendly* (avec une utilisation limitée de l’IA).\n* Mettre en page et valoriser les *présentations PowerPoint* pour les prospects et clients.\n* Réaliser une *veille concurrentielle* (benchmark, bonnes pratiques).\n* Concevoir des *emails marketing* via éditeur drag & drop.\n\n4. Organisation & gestion de projet\n\n* Centraliser les *briefs clients dans Notion*.\n* Suivre les *deadlines* et relancer les partenaires si nécessaire.\n* Maintenir à jour la *documentation interne* (templates, fiches process).\n\n5. Reporting & analyse\n\n* Mettre à jour les *tableaux Excel / Google Sheets* (budgets, performances, prospects).\n* Archiver mensuellement les *résultats par client et par campagne*.\n* Participer à l’élaboration des *bilans clients*.\n\nProfil recherché\n\n* Bonne maîtrise : *Excel / Google Sheets, Notion, PowerPoint*\n* À l’aise avec : *Google Ads, Meta Ads, Looker Studio*\n* Excellentes *qualités rédactionnelles* (posts LinkedIn, articles de blog)\n* *Connaissances en HTML* (niveau basique)\n* Bases solides en *community management* (animation, modération, engagement)\n* Capacité à créer des *publications visuelles simples et percutantes* (posts, carrousels, stories)\n* Sens de l’*organisation*, de la *rigueur* et de l’*autonomie*\n* Être *curieux, force de proposition* et avoir *le sens du résultat*\n\nPour postuler\n\nEnvoyez votre *CV* et quelques lignes sur votre *motivation* à :\n*contact@creadium.fr*\n\nType d'emploi : Alternance\n\nRémunération : 800,00€ à 1 200,00€ par mois\n\n\n\nFormation:\n* Bac +3 (Licence / Bachelor) (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ccd46ce16a01287","title":"Strategy Director - OpenData","company":"Veeva Systems","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ccd46ce16a01287","description":"Team: Strategy\n\nCountry: France\n\nRemote Work Available: Yes\n\nVeeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.\n\nAt the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.\n\nAs a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.\n\nJoin us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.\n\nThe Role\n\nVeeva Systems is looking to hire a strategy leader to rebuild the data foundation for the life sciences industry with OpenData, our customer reference data product. We are looking for a strong data expert and leader who can navigate the convergence of sales, marketing, products, and services into a cohesive vision for the market. This position will be responsible for the long-term success of Veeva OpenData by working across teams to drive results.\nWhat You'll Do\nEvangelize the value of Veeva OpenData to transform the industry’s data foundation\nBuild relationships with executives responsible for data and analytics to drive key deals in partnership with sales teams\nDefine and own clear value proposition metrics for different customer segments\nTake responsibility for customer success and run key projects that have strategic importance\nBuild customer relationships to share back the voice of the customer and support the Veeva OpenData product team\nProvide research and analysis to support the creation of thought leadership and point-of-view reports, white papers, articles, blog posts, tweets, and presentations\nRequirements\n5+ years professional experience with at least 3-5 years in technology or management consulting working or at a master data management software company\nDeep expertise in life sciences with a core competency in data strategy or master data management\nStrong ownership, drive, and independence\nStrong communication skills with different audiences\nAbility to build relationships with data, analytics, and business leaders\nGood teamwork skills, especially with colleagues from other disciplines\nTravel up to 50%\nNice to Have\nLanguages in addition to English\nPerks & Benefits\nVeeva charitable giving program\nHealth and wellness programs\nOpportunity for rapid progression and personal growth\n#LI-Remote\n\nVeeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.\n\nAs an equal opportunity employer, Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.\n\nIf you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com.\nWork Where It’s Best for You\n\nWork Anywhere means you can work in an office or at home on any given day. It’s about getting the work done in the way and place that works best for each person. This applies across all locations and departments.\n\nWork Anywhere does not mean work at any time. We have predictable core hours where employees are generally available for meetings and collaboration. Employees are focused and available during core hours.\n\nWe invest in our offices to make them places where our employees like to go. If you work in the office three or more days a week, you will have a dedicated office workspace. Our offices function as hubs to draw people in, create social bonds, and where random connections and mixing of ideas happen. We’re investing more in offices, culture, and offsite meetings, not less.\n\nProduct teams are organized in regional product hubs for optimal collaboration and live within a time zone of their hub. Our current product hubs are located in Pleasanton, Columbus, Boston, Kansas City, New York City, Raleigh, and Toronto. We create opportunities for teams to get together in person regularly.\n\nCustomer-facing roles, such as Sales and Professional Services, live near and/or travel to their customers.\n\nWhen an employee moves within a country it does not cause a change in salary. Where you live impacts you and your family. Not knowing if your compensation will change if you move can cause stress and uncertainty for everyone. We wanted to eliminate that.\n\nWork at Veeva. Work where it’s best for you."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6cddca2d7d63a878","title":"SDR B2B - Formation 'Conducteur de travaux' - Freelance","company":"La Solive","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75012\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75012 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8412,\"longitude\":2.3876,\"streetAddress\":\"6 Pl. du Colonel Bourgoin,75012 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75012 Paris\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":350,\"salaryMin\":200,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 200 € à 350 € par jour\",\"salaryType\":\"daily\"}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6cddca2d7d63a878","description":"Présentation de La Solive\n\nÀ La Solive, nous avons déjà formé 1200 professionnels de la rénovation énergétique du bâtiment, à travers des parcours de formation courts, intensifs et professionnalisants sur nos 6 campus. Notre mission ? Former massivement des personnes en reconversion vers ces métiers valorisants et porteurs de sens.\n\nEn rejoignant la Solive, tu embarqueras dans une aventure en pleine croissance et avec un fort impact, et tu intègreras une équipe de 50 personnes animée par l'humain et l'envie de bâtir le monde durable de demain !\n\nNotre ambition : former 5000 personnes d’ici 2028 !\n\n️\n\nResponsabilités du poste\n\nAvec La Solive, des centaines de personnes en reconversion se forment aux métiers en tension de conducteurs de travaux, plombiers-chauffagistes, installateurs de panneaux solaires ou encore techniciens de maintenance ; des métiers essentiels à la transition énergétique et qu’ils peuvent rejoindre grâce à nos parcours en alternance !\n\nAvec l’ouverture de nouveaux campus, de nouvelles formations, et l’accélération en cours, notre équipe Entreprises a besoin de renfort pour placer tous nos élèves dans des entreprises qui les accueilleront pendant leur alternance et financeront leur formation.\n\nEn tant que Sales Developpement Representative, tu travailleras auprès de Carine, notre Team Lead SDR, sur le placement des candidats à notre nouvelle formation Conducteurs de travaux de tous nos campus (aujourd’hui Paris, Lyon, Nantes, Marseille, Toulouse & Lille).\n\nPlus concrètement, tu seras en charge de développer notre réseau d’entreprises partenaires :\n\nProspecter les entreprises du bâtiment : nous avons des listes de comptes (TPE, PME, grands groupes), à ouvrir ou à développer : à travers des campagnes de prospection actives (majoritairement cold calls), il s’agit pour toi d’identifier de nouvelles opportunités, en établissant le contact avec le décideurs clé (dirigeant, responsable RH ou encore chargé de relations écoles), et en l’engageant via la présentation de notre parcours et de notre méthode de placement.\n\nComprendre leurs problématiques RH et détecter leurs besoins : qualifier l’activité, les besoins en recrutement (ou en formation de salariés) de tes interlocuteurs et les principaux freins qu’ils rencontrent ; les convaincre de collaborer avec La Solive en levant leurs objections et en les rassurant sur leurs points de doute.\n\nRéaliser un passage de relais efficace du compte à l’équipe Sales Entreprises, en charge de faire rencontrer nos candidats et d’accompagner l’entreprise jusqu’à l’embauche finale : chaque signature est un succès partagé !\n\nDans un contexte de lancement de ce nouveau parcours de formation, tes retours sur les besoins de nos entreprises partenaires et ta contribution au placement de nos élèves auront un réel impact, sans compter que ce poste t’offrira la satisfaction de vendre un produit innovant qui répond réellement aux besoins de nos clients.\n\nConditions\nAprès quelques jours d’onboarding dans notre bureau dans le 12e arrondissement à Paris, tu travailleras en télétravail, avec des déplacements occasionnels à Paris\nRémunération : TJM entre 200€ et 350€ (fixe + variable à objectifs atteints)\nEt bien évidemment une super équipe avec laquelle collaborer au quotidien\n\nProfil idéal\n\nÀ La Solive, on cherche avant tout des personnes convaincues de l’importance de notre mission et ayant l’envie de se projeter dans un projet entrepreneurial et ambitieux.\n\nTu es notre candidat(e) idéal(e) si…\n\nTu as déjà une expérience commerciale, qui t’a permis de développer une excellente maîtrise de la prospection téléphonique, idéalement en B2B au contact d’entreprises de différentes tailles : tu es aujourd’hui à la recherche d’un nouveau défi.\nTu as une âme de chasseur et est aussi ambitieux(se) que nous : tu es reconnu pour ton enthousiasme, ton aptitude à convaincre et à ne rien lâcher. Tu es convaincu(e) qu’on peut toujours faire mieux et chaque appel avec un client ou prospect sert à t’améliorer pour être plus percutant(e).\nTu es structuré(e) et rigoureux, tu aimes suivre des indicateurs chiffrés (taux de conversion, nombre de leads, taux de closing, etc.). Tu as déjà eu la responsabilité de remplir un CRM (le notre, c’est Hubspot) et de le tenir au carré.\nTu as une excellente capacité de communication et sais écouter tes interlocuteurs pour les faire parler, orienter l’échange pour comprendre leur véritable besoin et les amener ensuite à considérer ce que tu leur proposes. Pour toi, la vente parfaite c’est quand ton prospect a le sentiment que tu lui rends service. On a de la chance, c’est souvent le cas lorsqu’on place un élève chez nos entreprises partenaires !\n\n-\n\nAutorise-toi à postuler !\n\nCertaines études scientifiques montrent que certains groupes de personnes ont moins tendance à postuler à une offre d'emploi quand ils n'ont pas toutes les qualifications requises. Si cela peut te rassurer, sache que cette fiche de poste est indicative donc prends la comme telle : c'est un guide, ni plus ni moins.\n\nSi La Solive t’intéresse, ne te mets pas de barrière et donne-nous la chance de nous faire notre propre avis, nous serons ravis de te rencontrer !\n\nProcessus de recrutement\n\nÀ La Solive, chaque membre de l'équipe est indispensable au succès de notre projet commun ! Pour confirmer que nous nous voyons bien travailler ensemble et que le poste correspond réellement à ce que tu recherches, voici les étapes de notre processus de recrutement :\n\nPremier échange avec Elsa, Talent Acquisition Specialist (en visio)\nEntretien et simulation d’un call de prospection avec Carine, ta future manager (en visio)\n\nPourquoi nous rejoindre\n\nDéveloppe tes compétences commerciales dans un cadre responsabilisant : tu es directement impliqué·e dans le développement d’un service concret, utile, et à fort impact. Ici, chaque appel et chaque placement a du sens, et tu montes rapidement en compétences dans un rôle stratégique.\n\nTu travailles main dans la main avec la Team Sales Enterprise, et tu es au contact du terrain. C’est un poste connecté, transversal, qui te donne une vision globale du fonctionnement d’une start-up à impact.\n\nFais la différence en devenant acteur de la transition écologique : contribue concrètement à la décarbonation du secteur du bâtiment tout en transformant la vie de nos élèves grâce à nos formations.\n\nRejoins une start-up ambitieuse et en pleine expansion : évolue dans un environnement dynamique et stimulant, porté par le développement rapide de nouveaux campus en France et la création de formations innovantes et impactantes.\n\nLa Solive place l’humain au centre de son activité : en accompagnant ses élèves durant tout leur parcours de formation, et en créant un environnement de travail sain et respectueux des besoins individuels de chaque collaborateur."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6d66f760ba7ceff7","title":"Lead Backend Engineer","company":"OPAL","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6d66f760ba7ceff7","description":"Location: EU-based preferred\nWork Mode: Remote-First, you will have maximum 10 days of travel per quarter to meetup with the team in France or another EU country. You can also choose to work from our Paris office.\n\nWe’re looking for a Lead Backend Engineer to own the design and implementation of our backend infrastructure as we scale from 1 to 10M+ daily active users.\n\nToday, our backend is built on Firebase by our mobile engineers. As we grow, we need someone who can own the backend strategy, guide our evolution beyond Firebase when necessary, and build a robust, secure, reliable, and cost-efficient platform for the future.\n\nThis role is perfect for someone who combines strong technical expertise with architectural thinking, is comfortable making foundational decisions, and wants to shape both the technical stack and the engineering practices & culture around it.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nLead backend architecture: Own the design and evolution of our backend infrastructure, balancing Firebase today with next-generation stack plans.\n\nBuild scalable APIs: Create efficient, well-structured, backward-compatible APIs optimized for mobile clients.\n\nDesign data models: Build scalable schemas to support rapid product iterations and growth to 10M+ DAUs.\n\nEnsure operational excellence: Define SLOs/SLIs, implement monitoring, logging, tracing, alerting, and lead incident response and root-cause analysis.\n\nDrive security & compliance: Ensure authentication, encryption, and GDPR (and similar regulations) compliance from day one.\n\nDocument & evangelize: Maintain backend architecture documentation and workflows, enabling smooth onboarding and collaboration.\n\nCollaborate cross-functionally: Partner with mobile and product teams, clearly explaining trade-offs and inviting constructive debate.\n\nBalance simplicity and scale: Build what’s needed today while planning for future growth.\n\nMaintain CI/CD & IaC: Improve pipelines and Infrastructure as Code practices.\n\nContribute to AI & notification features: Support AI-powered and silent push notification flows that enhance mobile experiences.\n\nWhat We’re Looking For\n\nProven experience designing and scaling backend infrastructure for millions of users.\n\nHands-on experience building cost-efficient, secure, and reliable systems.\n\nTechnical Skills\n\nStrong JavaScript/TypeScript expertise.\n\nExperience building and scaling backend infrastructure for large-scale consumer or mobile-first products.\n\nHands-on with cloud platforms (preferably GCP) and building scalable services.\n\nExperience with Firebase (Auth, Firestore, Cloud Functions) is a plus.\n\nProficiency in SQL & NoSQL databases and designing scalable data models.\n\nExperience with CI/CD pipelines & IaC.\n\nKnowledge of API versioning and backward-compatibility strategies.\n\nFamiliarity with security, privacy, and compliance best practices.\n\nMindset\n\nProduct-oriented & pragmatic: Focused on delivering user value over over-engineering.\n\nStrong communicator: Explains trade-offs clearly and invites healthy debate.\n\nStartup-ready: Adaptable, iterative, and unafraid to rethink what no longer works.\n\nData-savvy: Experienced in structuring and managing data at scale.\n\nUnderstands mobile client needs and builds APIs that serve them efficiently.\n\nReliability-driven: Deep care for operational excellence and measurable performance.\n\nNice-to-have\n\nETL processes, modern data stack tools (Dagster, dbt, Snowflake).\n\nExperience with AI integrations and silent push notifications.\n\nWhy Join Opal?\n\nMission-Driven Impact: We are on a mission to help 1Bn people reclaim their time and focus. We’ve empowered our community to save 150M+ hours and counting.\n\nShape the foundation: Your work will define Opal’s backend and accelerate product development. Influence architecture, infrastructure, and operations as we scale to millions of users.\n\nCollaborative Culture: Work with a small, high-impact team that gathers quarterly for meetups and learning. Nearly $1M in Revenue per Employee.\n\nMeaningful challenges: Balance simplicity, security, cost, and scale in a product already used by hundreds of thousands.\n\nWell-Supported: Backed by world-class investors and founders of companies like Pinterest, Snapchat, and Revolut.\n\nIf you’re ready to shape the future of focus, we’d love to meet you!\n\n— The Opal Team\n\nCompensation Range: €70K - €100K"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=70ebf40e3578cda3","title":"Stagiaire Content Manager","company":"EKILIBRE","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=70ebf40e3578cda3","description":"*Fiche de Poste - Stagiaire Content Manager*\n\n*Entreprise :* Ekeelibre\n*Secteur :* Santé et bien-être de la femme\n*Lieu :* Télétravail (distanciel)\n\n*Durée du stage :* 2 mois\n*Type de contrat :* Stage conventionné\n\n*Description de l’entreprise :*\n\nEkeelibre est une jeune entreprise innovante spécialisée dans la santé et le bien-être de la femme. Nous sommes actuellement en phase d'acquisition de trafic et souhaitons développer une stratégie de content marketing pour attirer, engager et convertir notre audience. Nous testons différents canaux et formats pour atteindre de nouveaux leads et créer une communauté fidèle.\n\n*Missions principales :*\n\nEn tant que Stagiaire Content Manager, vous travaillerez en étroite collaboration avec l’équipe marketing pour développer et exécuter notre stratégie de contenu. Vous participerez à la création de contenus innovants et performants, tout en testant différentes méthodes pour maximiser l’engagement.\n\nVos missions incluront :\n\n* *Création de contenus éditoriaux* : Rédaction d'articles de blog pertinents et rédaction de newsletters engageantes.\n* *Gestion des campagnes de newsletters* : Élaboration et suivi des campagnes d’e-mailing.\n* *Test et optimisation CRM* : Utilisation d'outils CRM pour tester différents formats et stratégies d’acquisition de leads.\n* *Gestion des réseaux sociaux* : Animation des comptes Instagram et LinkedIn pour engager et fidéliser la communauté.\n* *Création d'un livre blanc* : Rédaction et conception d'un livre blanc destiné à informer et éduquer notre audience sur les sujets liés à la santé et au bien-être des femmes.\n* *Analyse de la performance des contenus* : Suivi des KPIs (taux de clic, taux de conversion) et proposition d'améliorations.\n* *Veille concurrentielle et sectorielle* : Identification des tendances et des bonnes pratiques du content marketing dans le secteur de la santé et du bien-être.\n\n*Profil recherché :*\n\n* Vous êtes étudiant(e) en Master dans les domaines du marketing digital, communication ou similaire.\n* Vous avez une forte appétence pour la rédaction de contenus et une bonne capacité d'adaptation.\n* Maîtrise de certains outils marketing (Canva, outils CRM) est un plus.\n* Vous êtes organisé(e), créatif(ve) et aimez tester de nouvelles idées.\n* Une première expérience en marketing digital ou en gestion de contenu est un plus.\n\n*Compétences clés :*\n\n* Bonne capacité rédactionnelle et orthographe irréprochable.\n* Curiosité pour la santé et le bien-être des femmes.\n* Maîtrise des outils de gestion de newsletters et CRM (Mailchimp, HubSpot, etc.).\n* Maîtrise de Canva pour la création de visuels attractifs.\n* Capacité d’analyse des performances et force de proposition.\n\n*Conditions :*\n\n* Stage de 2 mois en télétravail.\n* Pas d’indemnités, conformément à la législation pour les stages de moins de 2 mois.\n\nType d'emploi : Stage\nDurée du contrat : 2 mois\n\nRémunération : 1,00€ à 2,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Flextime\n* Travail à domicile occasionnel\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7237f25ad30d5838","title":"Team Lead, Customer Strategist, Southern Europe","company":"Spendesk","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75008\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75008 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8763,\"longitude\":2.3183,\"streetAddress\":\"51 Rue de Londres,75008 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75008 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7237f25ad30d5838","description":"We’re looking for a strategic yet hands-on Customer Success Leader to both manage and grow a team of Mid-Market Customer Success Managers while owning your own customer portfolio. You’ll balance coaching and developing your team with directly driving impact across your accounts, from onboarding to renewal. Partnering closely with Sales, Account Management, Product, Payments, Legal and more, you’ll help shape processes and deliver a seamless customer experience that fuels retention and growth.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nTeam management & development\n\nLead a high‑performing team Manage a team of five Core Market CSMs focused on the mid‑market segment, providing day‑to‑day direction, prioritization, and support to operate at scale.\n\nOptimize coverage and capacity Balance high‑touch and scaled motions, align books of business to customer potential and complexity, and adjust resourcing as the portfolio evolves.\n\nOwn team performance Accountable for retention (GRR) and forecast accuracy across the portfolio, driving proactive risk mitigation and clear, timely reporting.\n\nProvide mentorship and training At both individual and team levels, you will organize and lead regular coaching sessions, enablement workshops, and shadowing to accelerate skills and impact.\n\nSet performance goals Define clear OKRs and KPIs, establish expectations by role/seniority, and review progress through weekly 1:1s and monthly performance check‑ins.\n\nRun effective team routines Establish a consistent operating cadence (weekly kick‑offs, forecast reviews, health/pipeline checks) to maintain focus, execution quality, and accountability.\n\nDevelop talent and careers Build individual development plans, give timely feedback, recognise excellence, and support career progression; participate in hiring and onboarding as the team grows.\nStrategy efficiency & scalability\n\nProcess Optimisation: Work with the head of CSM to design and implement efficient workflows, automation, and standardised processes that maximise team productivity\n\nTranslate company priorities into team objectives : Partner cross‑functionally to align Customer Success goals with broader initiatives and ensure coordinated execution.\n\nProtect and grow revenue : Design and run programs with the team for retention and expand product adoption.\n\nCustomer-centric operations\n\nCustomer satisfaction: Drive customer retention and satisfaction across your customer portfolio\nChurn prevention: Implement proactive customer success methodologies to prevent churn and identify growth opportunities\nCustomer Experience: Collaborate with sales, product, and support teams to ensure seamless customer experience\nEscalation management: provide hands‑on guidance on complex customer matters, participate in customer meetings, and ensure customers receive prompt, effective support.\n\nWhat we're looking for\n\nRequired qualifications\n\n4+ years of progressive experience in customer-facing roles: Care, Customer Success, Account Management, or related, with a strong Customer service mindset\n\n1+ years of leadership or mentoring experience\n\nA solid understanding of accounting and finance roles and processes.\n\nBonus\n\nEven better if you’re already familiar with Spendesk as a user within accounting or finance teams.\nExperience working in SaaS or technology company with recurring revenue models and international operations\n\nSkills & Competencies\n\nCommunication: Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and French\nCultural Intelligence: Deep understanding of European business cultures and customer expectations\nData-Driven: Proficiency with customer success platforms, CRM systems, and analytics tools\nScalability & Efficiency creation: Experience balancing scaled (low‑touch/tech‑touch) and high‑touch motions across large books\n\nAs we are an international team, please submit your application and CV in English.\n\nAbout Spendesk\nSpendesk is the AI-powered spend management and procurement platform that transforms company spending. By simplifying procurement, payment cards, expense management, invoice processing, and accounting automation, Spendesk sets the new standard for spending at work. Its single, intelligent solution makes efficient spending easy for employees and gives finance leaders the full visibility and control they need across all company spend, even in multi-entity structures. Trusted by thousands of companies, Spendesk supports over 200,000 users across brands such as SoundCloud, Gousto, SumUp, and Bloom & Wild. With offices in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Germany, Spendesk also puts community at the heart of its mission.\n\nFor more information: www.spendesk.com/press\n\nAbout our people & culture\nWe believe that people do their best work when they’re given the freedom to thrive and grow. That’s why liberation is at the core of everything we do. We empower Spendeskers to take ownership of their work, to navigate ambiguity, and seize every opportunity. Spendeskers come from all over the world (35+ countries and counting!) but we have plenty in common: we're bold, ever-curious, committed to kindness, and tackle every challenge with a positive mindset.\n\nAbout our benefits\nOur culture is built on trust, empowerment, and growth — with benefits to match!\n\nFlexible on-site policy : 4 days per month remote (non-accumulative) and 3 full weeks remote per year (non-consecutive)\nLunch 60% funded by Spendesk (Swile Card)\nAlan Premium health insurance\nA Gymlib pass to let off steam after a productive day at work\nAccess to Moka.care for emotional and mental health wellbeing\nAccess to Vendredi allowing us to change the world\nLatest Apple equipment\nGreat office snacks to fuel your day\nA positive team to work with daily!\n\nDiversity & Inclusion\n\nAt Spendesk, we're committed to fostering an environment where all differences are encouraged, supported and celebrated. We're building our culture for everyone, with everyone. Our goal is to attract and build a diverse, equal and inclusive team, where everyone feels welcome and we truly embrace and encourage people from all backgrounds to apply."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=72462eca5db437f0","title":"Responsable Marketing Inbound / Lead Generation","company":"Toog","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":35000,\"salaryMin\":25000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 25 000 € à 35 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"17 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=72462eca5db437f0","description":"*| Toog recherche sa pépite en Lead Generation |*\n\nToog Expertise est l’organisme de formation dédié aux *acteurs des loisirs* (escape game, trampoline park, karting, paintball…). Notre vision : *professionnaliser le secteur* grâce à des formations actionnables (Site internet, Ads, SEO, CRM/automation, B2B) et à une culture *data + playbooks* pour remplir les créneaux, booster le B2B et l’expérience client.\n\n*LE POSTE*\n\nAvec un bagage *Growth Hacker*, tu seras en charge de la *Lead Generation*. Chez Toog, tu conçois et pilotes la *machine de génération de demandes* (inbound + outbound) qui *alimente nos SDR* en leads qualifiés et transforme l’intérêt en *RDV* puis en CA formation. L'objectif est de *construire une équipe \"Growth\" autour de toi* et en étroite collaboration avec l'équipe SDR.\n\n*LES MISSIONS*\n\n* *Ciblage & stratégie* : définir ICP/personas (gérants, multi-sites, franchises, CE, agences) et prioriser les marchés.\n* *Campagnes* : *cold emails* qui délivrent, LinkedIn (invites/DM/événements), *webinaires* mensuels, newsletters utiles, retargeting always-on,..\n* *Growth & data* : scraping, enrichissement, A/B tests, UTM & dashboards, optimisation,..\n* *Ops & SDR* : scoring/routing CRM, SLAs, playbooks (scripts, objections, relances), feedback loop hebdo.\n\n*PACKAGE & REMUNERATION*\n\n* *Fixe *entre 25 et 35ke selon le niveau d'expérience.\n* *Variable *compétitif et déplafonné\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\n\nRémunération : 25 000,00€ à 35 000,00€ par an\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Pouvez-vous nous indiquer les canaux d'acquisition et les outils (ou suite d'outils) que vous maitrisez ? \n=> Par ex : Cold Mailing (FullEnrich + Lemlist) \n\nExpérience:\n* Growth Hacking: 1 an (Optionnel)\n* Lead Generation: 1 an (Optionnel)\n* Cold Mailing: 1 an (Requis)\n* scraping: 1 an (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=739d1c325db0ba63","title":"Fullstack Engineer - Customer Delight - 100% Remote - Europe","company":"Hostaway","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=739d1c325db0ba63","description":"NOTE: This is a FULLY remote role, but the candidate must be within the EMEA region to collaborate with their team, peers, and internal customers. You do not have to be in the specific country or city shown in this listing, but please only apply if you are physically based within the EMEA region.\n\nHostaway is the market-leading SaaS scale-up transforming the vacation rental industry. With innovative solutions and partnerships with giants like Airbnb, VRBO, and Booking, we're taking on the competition and winning. Leveraging our customer-centric core values, we consistently deliver results that encourage growth, learning, and innovation for our team, our customers, and the industry.\n\nAs a profitable and growing company, this role is necessitated by our continued growth. Check out more about our recent funding round of $365 million here.\n\nAbout the Team\n\nThe Customer Delight team is dedicated to creating premium customer experiences. We work across the full Hostaway platform to automate processes, build proactive features, and deliver improvements that our customers feel every day. We act as a “solutions team” within engineering—solving both urgent, high-visibility issues and broader initiatives that span multiple areas.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nAs a Fullstack Engineer (PHP, React), you’ll deliver rapid fixes and long-term enhancements that make a visible difference for our users. You’ll own projects end-to-end, collaborating across teams to identify and resolve friction points. Self-starters can thrive—taking ownership of problems, driving solutions across domains, and making a tangible impact. Your work will directly contribute to measurable gains in customer satisfaction (NPS/CSAT) and position you as a go-to engineer for impactful, cross-domain solutions.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nBuild and improve full-stack features (PHP backend, React frontend) to enhance customer experience.\n\nDeliver quick, high-quality fixes for urgent issues.\n\nLead initiatives like platform localization, design system migration, and customizable notifications.\n\nCollaborate with Product, Support, and other teams to identify and resolve friction points.\n\nAutomate workflows to reduce support load and empower users.\n\nContribute to technical discussions and raise engineering standards.\n\n3-5+ years of experience in full-stack software engineering (SaaS preferred).\n\nStrong proficiency in PHP and React, plus comfort working across frontend, backend, and integrations.\n\nProven ability to debug complex issues and design pragmatic, customer-focused solutions.\n\nCuriosity, adaptability, and a bias toward action - you enjoy variety and thrive in fast-moving contexts.\n\nEnglish proficiency (C1 or above).\n\nWhat we offer\n\nCompetitive Compensation: We offer competitive pay based on market rates in the country of the applicant.\n\n100% Remote: Enjoy the freedom to work from anywhere within your country of residence—be it a co-working space, your home office, or even your dining room table. The choice is yours. Just don’t ask to work in our office (we don’t have one).\n\nEquity: Every role in our company comes with valuable stock options in a fast-growing and profitable company. This ensures we all share in the company’s success.\n\nValues-Driven Leadership: Our Core Values are not just words we’ve written to make us feel good. We leverage them daily when making strategic and tactical decisions.\n\nProfessional Growth: Our rapid growth offers unparalleled learning and development opportunities, along with a multitude of career advancement opportunities.\n\nAnnual Paid Leave: The specific amounts vary by country and are aligned with country and/or contract-specific norms.\n\nGeographic Specific Benefits: As an international employer, we offer different country-specific benefits such as Health Insurance and Pensions in countries where these perks are customary. The specifics depend on the country of the applicant.\n\nDynamic Team Culture: As a global company with team members in over 40 countries, our diverse and international culture fuels our innovation and creativity, providing a key pillar to our success (and making it a lot of fun to work here).\n\nThank you for your interest. If you apply for this role, you will receive an email from our Talent Acquisition team after your application has been reviewed alongside the qualifications for this role and the qualifications of others who have applied."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=77e6e621fd37aa27","title":"Paid Social Manager","company":"DEEL","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=77e6e621fd37aa27","description":"Who we are is what we do.\n\nDeel is the all-in-one payroll and HR platform for global teams. Our vision is to unlock global opportunity for every person, team, and business. Built for the way the world works today, Deel combines HRIS, payroll, compliance, benefits, performance, and equipment management into one seamless platform. With AI-powered tools and a fully owned payroll infrastructure, Deel supports every worker type in 150+ countries—helping businesses scale smarter, faster, and more compliantly.\n\nAmong the largest globally distributed companies in the world, our team of 6,000 spans more than 100 countries, speaks 74 languages, and brings a connected and dynamic culture that drives continuous learning and innovation for our customers.\n\nWhy should you be part of our success story?\n\nAs the fastest-growing Software as a Service (SaaS) company in history, Deel is transforming how global talent connects with world-class companies – breaking down borders that have traditionally limited both hiring and career opportunities. We're not just building software; we're creating the infrastructure for the future of work, enabling a more diverse and inclusive global economy. In 2024 alone, we paid $11.2 billion to workers in nearly 100 currencies and provided healthcare and benefits to workers in 109 countries—ensuring people get paid and protected, no matter where they are.\n\nOur momentum is reflected in our achievements and customer satisfaction: CNBC Disruptor 50, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Fast 500, and repeated recognition on Y Combinator’s top companies list – all while maintaining a 4.83 average rating from 15,000 reviews across G2, Trustpilot, Captera, Apple and Google.\n\nYour experience at Deel will be a career accelerator. At the forefront of the global work revolution, you'll tackle complex challenges that impact millions of people's working lives. With our momentum—backed by a $12 billion valuation and $1 B in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) in just over five years—you'll drive meaningful impact while building expertise that makes you a sought-after leader in the transformation of global work.\n\nSummary:\n\nJoin Deel’s Paid Ads team and help scale our global growth by running high-performing paid social campaigns across key platforms. In this role, you’ll manage day-to-day execution, testing, and optimization to drive awareness, consideration, and acquisition while ensuring campaigns stay efficient and effective across all regions, products, and channels. You’ll work closely with the Paid Social Team Lead and cross-functional teams to maintain healthy performance and support continuous global growth.\n\nResponsibilities:\n\nStrategize and help execute Paid Social campaigns globally for Deel, including but not limited to Facebook, LinkedIn, Youtube, Quora, Twitter, Tiktok. This includes awareness/branding campaigns, consideration/traffic/download campaigns and acquisition (main goal) campaigns.\n\nWork with our Team Lead, Paid Social, other regional paid ads managers, to ensure our Paid Social efforts are top performing and constantly improving.\n\nEnsure our campaigns are set up to best fit local markets languages, nuances, learnings and best practices on channels.\n\nPerform daily platform management, optimizations and monitor paid social performance to identify key trends and implement optimizations to hit Growth KPIs.\n\nTest and iterate on campaign structures, bidding, ad creative, budgets and other impact driven variables for continuous growth, scale, and expansion to reflect our growing verticals, country expansion and brand/product priorities.\n\nOwn the testing structures and relationship with our Copywriting and Design teams to construct and iterate on new ads and A/B tests constantly.\n\nWork with cross-functional stakeholders in various other teams (regional marketers, growth, product marketers, data, etc.) to report on learnings and strategic insights, ensure campaigns are built and optimized for success.\n\nHave direct relationships with Paid Social vendors\n\nQualifications:\n\nYou have a minimum of 3 years experience managing Paid Social accounts end-to-end for a B2B brand, ideally in-house.\n\nYou are an expert at operationally managing the Paid Social platforms including, but not limited to, Meta Ads, LinkedIn Ads, Youtube, Quora Ads, Reddit Ads, TikTok ads, Twitter Ads with performance-based goals (CPL, SQO, pipeline, ROAS etc).\n\nYou are data-driven and comfortable with setting up dashboards and using the latest analytics tools to track the performance of your initiatives\n\nProven track record in reporting, optimization, and A/B testing.\n\nYou are an active relationship builder who can collaborate with internal and external teams to consistently improve processes and communication workflows\n\nYou are self-motivated and adaptable and comfortable with a fast-paced environment\n\nYou are fluent in written and spoken English\n\nWe'd especially love to speak with you if you've:\n\nManaged Paid Social in-house for an HR or FinTech B2B SAAS company\n\nYou have worked on localization of ads, country-specific targeting/goals and campaigns in multiple languages\n\nFamiliarity with attribution, data and audience enrichment tools (e.g. HubSpot, Looker, Clearbit).\n\nYou have worked at a very fast-growing startup/scaleup\n\nYou have previously successfully worked in a remote & distributed team\n\nYou are fluent in other languages besides English\n\nTotal Rewards\n\nOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.\n\nSome things you’ll enjoy\n\nStock grant opportunities dependent on your role, employment status and location\n\nAdditional perks and benefits based on your employment status and country\n\nThe flexibility of remote work, including optional WeWork access\n\nAt Deel, we’re an equal-opportunity employer that values diversity and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of race, religion, sex, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy or maternity or other applicable legally protected characteristics.\n\nUnless otherwise agreed, we will communicate with job applicants using Deel-specific emails, which include @deel.com and other acquired company emails like @payspace.com and @paygroup.com. You can view the most up-to-date job listings at Deel by visitingour careers page.\n\nDeel is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects different abilities, backgrounds, beliefs, experiences, identities and perspectives.\n\nDeel will provide accommodation on request throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process for applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation, please inform our Talent Acquisition Team at recruiting@deel.com of the nature of the accommodation that you may require, to ensure your equal participation.\n\nWe use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional processes. As part of the evaluation process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate-submitted applications. Certain features of the platform may qualify it as an Automated Employment Decision Tool (AEDT) under applicable regulations. For positions in New York City, our use of Covey complies with NYC Local Law 144.\n\nWe began using Covey Scout for Inbound on March 30, 2025.\n\nFor more information about our data protection practices, please visit our Privacy Policy. You can review the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here: https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7996442b54d405a0","title":"Senior Manager, Number Operations - France Remote","company":"Aircall","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7996442b54d405a0","description":"France RemoteCustomer Experience – 12007 - Porting /Remote\n\nAircall is the world’s leading integrated customer communications and intelligence platform for growing businesses. Trusted by over 20,000 companies worldwide, Aircall unifies voice and digital channels into one seamless platform, offering one-click integrations with leading CRMs and over 100 business tools. With real-time, AI-powered insights and feedback, AI agents, and automation, we help sales and support teams save time on routine tasks, uncover opportunities, and deliver exceptional customer experiences. With a global team of 600+ across nine offices, Paris, New York, San Francisco, Sydney, Madrid, London, Berlin, Seattle, Mexico City, Aircall is transforming how businesses connect with their customers, driving smarter conversations, deeper relationships, and measurable success.\n\nHow We Work at Aircall: At Aircall, we believe in customer obsession, continuous learning, and delivering extraordinary outcomes. We value open collaboration, taking ownership, and making smart, informed decisions with speed and precision. If you thrive in a fast-paced, team-driven environment where curiosity, trust, and impact matter, you'll fit right in\n\nWe are looking for a hands-on and highly talented seasoned leader to join our extended Support organization and lead our global Number Operations team. This team is obsessed with offering world-class support for number-related customer requests, such as number purchasing, porting and compliance, to our >22,000 customers. NumOps closely partners with Carrier Relations (new carrier onboarding, new regulatory requirements implementation), Product & Engineering (in-product self-service, automation, UX number flows), Legal and customer-facing teams such as Success and Sales.\n\nReporting to the VP, Customer Support & Experience and being a permanent member of the Support Leadership staff, you will bring strong Number Operations expertise and views to influence the direction of Aircall’s number management strategy, and ensure that NumOps constraints, challenges, risks and opportunities are always surfaced, understood and addressed.\nResponsibilities\nLead and mentor a global team of 20 individual contributors, managers and contractors, fostering a culture of operational excellence, innovation and continuous learning, to empower team members to become subject matter experts in their domains\nBuild the quarterly Number Operations OKRs in close collaboration with Product, Carrier Relations and Support Ops and be accountable for OKR execution, meeting and exceeding operational targets (SLA, CSAT, TTR)\nOwn customer escalations as needed\nBuild and maintain solid relationships with carrier partners, collaborating with them on regular basis\nProject manage ad hoc KYC/compliance requests, in close collaboration with Legal, ensuring service continuity and adherence to regulatory requirements for all Aircall customers\nPartner with Product to identify and advocate for in-product UX improvements, process automation and AHT reduction opportunities in the Number Operations ecosystem\nPartner with VP and Support Leadership on capacity planning, forecasting and budgeting\nProactively identify areas of leverage, develop strategies and execute plans to improve systems, workflows and processes in a data-driven fashion, in an effort to increase our organization productivity and effectiveness while maintaining a world-class support experience\nQualifications\n5+ years experience in Number Operations, Carrier Operations or equivalent, preferably in a high-growth SaaS environment\n2+ years in a management role, with experience hiring and developing high-performing teams\nAdvanced proficiency with customer support technologies and tools like Zendesk (multi-channel management) as well as Carrier Portal solutions\nAdvanced project management experience, with a track record of large projects successfully delivered and an ability to manage multiple timelines and commitments\nVery analytical and data-driven, with proficiency with Gsheet and Looker, SQL a plus\nDemonstrated ability to lead multiple cross-functional technical projects and deliver measurable results\nCreative problem solver and are able to identify obstacles and viable solutions\nProactive, organized, focused, and can ruthlessly prioritize with a strong sense of accountability and ownership\nExceptional written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to translate technical concepts for non-technical stakeholders\nYou have the ability to build deep ongoing relationships and collaborate with various stakeholders (CxOs, VPs, Directors, Managers from all functions)\nAircall is constantly moving forward. We’re building new roads to complete our journey, and we’re taking people with us who have the same builder mentality.\n\nLet’s grow together: Aircall is a place for those who dare to be bold and seek responsibility, excellence, and the opportunity to push themselves to new heights.\n\nWe’re creating a place where great people trust one another and thrive together.\n\nPeople flourish at Aircall and now is the time to be part of the team and the journey we’re on.\n\nWhy join us?\n\n   Key moment to join Aircall in terms of growth and opportunities\n  ‍ ️ Our people matter, work-life balance is important at Aircall\n   Fast-learning environment, entrepreneurial and strong team spirit\n   45+ Nationalities: cosmopolite & multi-cultural mindset\n   Competitive salary package & benefits\n\nDE&I Statement:\nAt Aircall, we believe diversity, equity and inclusion – irrespective of origins, identity, background and orientations – are core to our journey.\n\nWe pride ourselves on promoting active inclusion within our business to foster a strong sense of belonging for all. We’re working to create a place filled with diverse people who can enrich and learn from one another. We’re committed to ensuring that everyone not only has a seat at the table but is valued and respected at it by providing equal opportunities to develop and thrive.\n\nWe are strongly committed to hiring a diverse and multicultural team and we encourage applications from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a5192b69df5ebbe","title":"Responsable de Projet - Comptable","company":"PENNYLANE","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"20 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a5192b69df5ebbe","description":"Vous cherchez un environnement professionnel stimulant basé sur l'autonomie et la confiance ?\nPennylane vous offre l'opportunité de grandir au sein d'une entreprise en pleine croissance.\nIci, votre expertise contribuera directement à aider les entrepreneurs à reprendre le contrôle de leurs finances. Découvrez un lieu où vos compétences seront valorisées et où vous pourrez façonner l'avenir de la gestion financière.\n\nNotre vision\nNotre ambition est de devenir le logiciel de pilotage financier préféré des PMEs européennes.\nNous aidons les entrepreneurs à se débarrasser des tâches chronophages liées à la comptabilité et à la finance, tout en leur donnant accès à des informations financières clés pour les aider à prendre les meilleures décisions pour leur entreprise.\nParallèlement, nous aidons les cabinets d'expertise-comptable, en leur permettant de passer moins de temps sur des tâches redondantes et répétitives, et plus de temps sur la partie conseil et accompagnement de leurs clients.\n\nÀ propos de Pennylane\nPennylane est une des FinTech à la plus forte croissance en France, et souhaite bientôt adresser le marché européen.\n\nEn 5 ans d'existence, nous sommes parvenus à :\n Nous positionner sur le marché comme un éditeur de solution de comptabilité et de gestion financière innovant\n Lever un total de 225 millions d'euros, auprès d'investisseurs de renom, dont Sequoïa, le fonds phare de la Silicon Valley, connu pour avoir soutenu Google, Facebook, Airbnb, Stripe, Paypal et bien d'autres à leur début\n‍‍‍ Passer de 7 cofondateurs à une équipe de 800 collaborateurs, avec une note moyenne de 4,6/5 sur Glassdoor et 94% des évaluateurs Glassdoor qui recommanderaient PL à leurs proches!\n Construire une équipe internationale composée de collaborateurs issus de 25 pays différents, avec une culture du télétravail très flexible\n Gagner la confiance de milliers d'utilisateurs et obtenir d'excellents retours\n Déjà plus de 500,000 TPE/PME et plus de 5000 cabinets d’expertise-comptable utilisent Pennylane en France !\n\nPour soutenir cette dynamique, nous renforçons notre équipe Customer Success avec un poste dédié aux small accounts (créateurs, jeunes cabinets et structures à taille humaine).\nCe rôle est au cœur de notre mission : maximiser la valeur apportée à un portefeuille volumique de cabinets, via un accompagnement efficace et digitalisé, scalable et data-driven.\n\nVotre mission :\nEn tant que CSM Small Accounts, vous êtes responsable de l’adoption, de la satisfaction et de la rétention d’un portefeuille de cabinets à taille humaine. Vous construisez des parcours d’onboarding et d’adoption simples et efficaces, déployez des actions 1:1 et/ou 1:many, et pilotez la santé de vos comptes par la donnée. Votre objectif: réduire le time-to-value, développer un usage régulier de Pennylane et prévenir le churn, tout en identifiant des opportunités d’expansion adaptées.\n\nResponsabilités clés :\n\nGestion de portefeuille\nSegmenter votre portefeuille et définir des playbooks par typologie de cabinets (créateurs, petits cabinets, early adopters).\nConstruire des Success Plans légers et actionnables, avec des jalons clairs (activation, adoption des fonctionnalités clés, autonomie).\nMettre en place des rituels de couverture adaptés: points 1:1 ciblés, “office hours”, webinaires, campagnes d’adoption et contenus self-serve.\nPrioriser vos actions via des tableaux de bord d’usage et de santé du compte.\n\nOnboarding et déploiement\nCadrer rapidement les objectifs, la gouvernance et les critères de succès avec le cabinet.\nPlanifier un déploiement pragmatique: checklists, templates, mini-formations (webinaires, tutos), calendrier et suivi.\nCoordonner les acteurs (commercial, support, produit au besoin) pour lever les freins et sécuriser le passage à l’échelle.\n\nAdoption continue et valeur produit\nAnimer l’adoption des fonctionnalités prioritaires et des bonnes pratiques métier.\nProposer des recommandations proactives (data-driven) pour augmenter l’usage et fluidifier les migrations.\nOrganiser des rendez-vous centrés sur la valeur, les résultats et les next steps.\n\nSanté du compte, risques et support\nSurveiller les signaux faibles (baisse d’usage, tickets récurrents, feedbacks négatifs) et lancer des plans d’action anti-churn.\nS’appuyer sur les ressources internes (support, contenu, formation) pour résoudre rapidement les problèmes.\nIdentifier des opportunités d’expansion pertinentes (modules, déploiement à d’autres équipes/clients du cabinet) et collaborer avec l’équipe Sales pour les concrétiser.\n\nOpérations & amélioration continue\nDocumenter systématiquement l’activité dans Salesforce.\nContribuer aux contenus (emails, guides, aides en ligne, webinars), et partager vos learnings pour améliorer nos playbooks.\nRemonter les feedbacks produit de façon structurée et priorisée pour nourrir la roadmap.\n\nProfil recherché\n- 2 ans minimum d’expérience en cabinet d’expertise comptable/audit, en Customer Success B2B SaaS ou en gestion de projet côté client, idéalement avec un portefeuille volumique.\n- Bonnes bases comptables (sans viser l’expertise) et fort appétit pour la technologie.\n- Excellentes compétences relationnelles et pédagogiques; capacité à vulgariser et à convaincre.\n- Sens de l’organisation et de la priorisation dans un contexte multi-comptes, orienté résultats.\n- Solide culture data: à l’aise avec les KPI d’adoption et de rétention, rigoureux·se sur le suivi CRM.\n- Esprit d’équipe, curiosité, proactivité et goût du challenge.\n\nProcess de recrutement\n- Premier entretien avec Antoine, Business Recruiter\n- Deuxième entretien avec Marie, Team Lead de l'équipe\n- Troisième entretien : Mise en situation avec 2 membres de l'équipe\n- Quatrième entretien avec Tristan, Partner Success Director\n Ce que l’on peut t'offrir :\n Une mutuelle parmi les meilleures sur le marché (Alan Blue et Alan Mind)\n Des tickets restaurants (Carte Swile)\n Entre 6 et 12 jours de RTT supplémentaires aux 5 semaines de congés payés\n La possibilité de perfectionner ton anglais grâce à Busuu\n‍ Un budget dédié chaque mois pour tous nos Pennylaners, favorisant le travail depuis la maison ou en espace de coworking\n Une facilité d’accès à nos bureaux, situés à quelques minutes de Saint Lazare en plein cœur de Paris\n Une enveloppe de BSPCE\n‍ ️ Un accès à 8000 salles de sport partout en France et plus de 300 activités de bien-être via notre partenaire Gymlib\n Un Mac\n Nous pratiquons de nombreux sports ensemble et avons à cœur de nous réunir régulièrement autour d’événements d’entreprise tels que les Tech Days (qui permettent aux Pennylaners en remote de se réunir tous les 3 mois) ou notre séminaire d’entreprise qui a lieu une fois par an, et qui favorise de grands moments de cohésion pour toutes et tous.\n\nPour t'épanouir chez Pennylane, il faudra:\n-Parler anglais (le niveau est évalué et apprécié en fonction du département auquel tu postules)\n-Apprécier travailler dans un environnement en changement constant\n-Faire de la collaboration une priorité au sein de son équipe ou avec d'autres parties prenantes\n-Avoir un recul suffisant pour prioriser les actions à fort impact business dans son activité quotidienne.\n\nNous savons que certaines personnes sont moins susceptibles de postuler que d'autres si elles estiment ne pas remplir l'intégralité des critères.\nSi tu hésites, nous t'encourageons à postuler quand même : qui sait, cela pourrait être le début d'une collaboration significative et durable !\n\nEncourageant la diversité, équité et inclusion sous toutes ses formes, Pennylane offre un environnement de travail inclusif, bienveillant et propice à l’épanouissement, dans nos bureaux et en remote. Nous nous engageons à fournir les mêmes chances à tous nos candidats, indépendamment de leurs origines sociales et ethniques, genres, religions, orientations sexuelles ou handicaps.\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7b48d7e5d7390af7","title":"Field Marketing Director","company":"Veeva Systems","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"10 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7b48d7e5d7390af7","description":"Team: Marketing\n\nCountry: France\n\nRemote Work Available: Yes\n\nVeeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.\n\nAt the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.\n\nAs a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.\n\nJoin us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.\n\nThe Role\n\nVeeva is seeking a Field Marketing Director to help drive our integrated marketing efforts across Europe. You’ll work cross-functionally with the Marketing team and senior executives in a fast-paced and rapidly growing market. This opportunity is for an innovative marketing leader who takes full ownership, is a team player, and knows how to deliver results.\nWhat You'll Do\nBuild, inspire, and lead a marketing function that delivers against marketing goals, with clearly defined roles, career paths, succession plans, and employee success strategies\nTranslate Veeva’s goals into effective integrated marketing strategies and campaigns for key geographies, product lines, and customer segments that support the achievement of quarterly and annual goals\nWork cross-functionally with Sales, Sales Enablement, Strategy, Product Marketing, Creative Services/Digital, Customer Marketing, and Marketing Ops teams to ensure optimal orchestration and effectiveness of marketing programs\nRequirements\n10+ years of enterprise software marketing experience\nSelf-directed and able to manage multiple projects under aggressive timelines and expectations\nGrowth mindset and a team player with a positive attitude\nExperience in managing quarterly and annual budgets\nNice to Have\nSaaS experience\nLife sciences industry experience a plus\nPerks & Benefits\nHuge opportunity for career progression\nIncredible support from the wider team and a best-in-class tech stack to help you be successful in your role\nWork anywhere policy – Yes, you can utilize our office spaces or work remotely when you need to\nDon't just take our word for it; apply here and find out more!\n#RemoteFrance\n\nVeeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.\n\nAs an equal opportunity employer, Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.\n\nIf you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com.\nWork Where It’s Best for You\n\nWork Anywhere means you can work in an office or at home on any given day. It’s about getting the work done in the way and place that works best for each person. This applies across all locations and departments.\n\nWork Anywhere does not mean work at any time. We have predictable core hours where employees are generally available for meetings and collaboration. Employees are focused and available during core hours.\n\nWe invest in our offices to make them places where our employees like to go. If you work in the office three or more days a week, you will have a dedicated office workspace. Our offices function as hubs to draw people in, create social bonds, and where random connections and mixing of ideas happen. We’re investing more in offices, culture, and offsite meetings, not less.\n\nProduct teams are organized in regional product hubs for optimal collaboration and live within a time zone of their hub. Our current product hubs are located in Pleasanton, Columbus, Boston, Kansas City, New York City, Raleigh, and Toronto. We create opportunities for teams to get together in person regularly.\n\nCustomer-facing roles, such as Sales and Professional Services, live near and/or travel to their customers.\n\nWhen an employee moves within a country it does not cause a change in salary. Where you live impacts you and your family. Not knowing if your compensation will change if you move can cause stress and uncertainty for everyone. We wanted to eliminate that.\n\nWork at Veeva. Work where it’s best for you."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7d5adc67d29bdbfb","title":"Partnership Manager H/F/X","company":"Legalstart","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75010\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75010 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8709,\"longitude\":2.3561,\"streetAddress\":\"50 Rue d'Hauteville,75010 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75010 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7d5adc67d29bdbfb","description":"Qui sommes-nous ?\n\nDepuis 2014, les équipes de Legalstart contribuent à transformer en profondeur le marché du droit et des services aux entrepreneurs. Notre mission : simplifier la vie des entrepreneurs au quotidien.\n\nLegalstart est la 1ʳᵉ plateforme française de services juridiques et administratifs à destination des entrepreneurs et des TPE. Tous leurs besoins essentiels peuvent désormais être gérés 100% en ligne : création d’entreprise, dépôt de marque, recouvrement de créances, gestion de la comptabilité, conformité et tous les autres services indispensables au lancement, à la gestion et à la croissance des petites entreprises.\n\nAprès une première levée de fonds en 2019 et une opération de LBO en octobre 2021, Legalstart, rentable depuis la première année, a poursuivi sa croissance et réunit aujourd’hui plus de 150 collaborateurs. Déjà adoptée par près d’1 entrepreneur français sur 10, la startup a accompagné plus de 850 000 entrepreneurs depuis son lancement et s’impose comme le leader de la LegalTech en Europe.\n\nEn juillet 2023, nous avons lancé LS Compta, notre cabinet d’expertise comptable, pour accompagner les entrepreneurs dans la gestion et le pilotage financier de leur activité. Puis, en septembre 2024, nous avons enrichi notre offre avec Le Compte Pro, une solution innovante qui permet de piloter son activité grâce aux outils de paiement les plus avancés du marché.\n\nEt l’histoire ne fait que commencer : Legalstart poursuit son développement pour inventer le futur des services aux entrepreneurs… et nous recherchons nos futurs talents pour y parvenir.\n\nDescriptif du poste\n\nNous recherchons notre futur.e Partnership Manager pour rejoindre notre équipe Marketing et contribuer activement au développement et l’animation de notre réseau de partenaires B2B.\n\nMissions :\n\nAnimer et développer notre réseau de partenaires B2B :\npromotion de nos produits, activations, nouveaux contenus, intégrations, campagnes dédiées\nFidéliser, créer des opportunités d’upsell et co-développer des offres\nIdentifier et signer de nouveaux partenaires (acteurs digitaux, physiques, réseaux d’accompagnement…) autour d’une prospection active\nAnimer la communauté :\norganisation d’événements (salons, meetups, webinars), création de liens durables entre partenaires. Comprendre et anticiper leurs besoins pour construire des relations durables et fructueuses pour eux comme pour nous\nSuivre et optimiser les performances : KPIs, analyses, automatisation et reportings sont vos outils pour piloter et améliorer nos actions\nDévelopper le programme d’affiliation et imaginer de nouvelles opportunités pour accroître la part des partenariats dans le chiffre d’affaires et renforcer la notoriété de Legalstart\n\nProfil recherché\n3 à 5 ans d’expérience en gestion et développement de partenariats B2B\nDiplômé.e d’une grande école de commerce, l’environnement Start up / Scale up vous est totalement familier\nÀ l’aise avec la prospection et/ou la chasse de nouveaux comptes\nSolide expérience en pilotage d’un portefeuille clients/partenaires\nA l’aise avec les chiffres, vous savez transformer vos analyses en actions concrètes\nOrganisé·e, rigoureux·se et autonome, tout en aimant travailler en équipe\nCurieux·se et force de proposition, avec un état d’esprit orienté solutions\nCompétences solides en communication, à l’oral comme à l’écrit\nLa connaissance d’un CRM est un plus ou encore d’une outil d’affiliation (ex : Affilae)\nA l’aise avec les outils d’automatisation\nPourquoi nous rejoindre ?\nJouer un rôle clé dans la création de valeur pour des milliers d’entrepreneurs en France\n\nDes perspectives d’évolution rapides et un accompagnement par de vrais mentors\n\nBénéficier d’une réelle autonomie, dans un environnement où vos idées comptent\n\nRejoindre une équipe marketing soudée et collaborative, où on avance ensemble\n\nNos avantages :\n\nTeam buildings et événements réguliers\nTélétravail flexible\nCarte Swile à hauteur de 10€/j\nMutuelle SideCare\nPoste accessible en Full Remote\n\nDéroulement des entretiens\nPremier échange de découverte avec notre Talent Acquisition Specialist\nRencontre avec notre Head of Partnership & Paid Acquisition\nUse case\nTest psychotechnique et rencontre avec Chief Marketing & Product Officer\nRencontre avec l’équipe\n\nCertaines étapes pourront être regroupées afin d’éviter trop d’allers-retours et de conserver un processus de recrutement efficace"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7eaeaecebad4674f","title":"Solution Expert","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7eaeaecebad4674f","description":"Our Implementation team plays a key role in onboarding seamlessly new customers: they are working cross department (Sales, Product and Customer Success) to understand and document client use cases and requirements and then translate them into set up and configuration of the 360Learning platform.\n\nYou will follow your customers' portfolio along their contract to increase product adoption, as well as to deliver solutions complementary to the Product.\n\nThese large and strategic accounts have already deployed their platform and have an advanced knowledge of it. They will rely on your expertise to facilitate new integrations (such as flat files and APIs) and third-party applications, restructure the platform, conduct solution audits, and provide advanced guidance to maximize the benefits of our product.\nWithin 1 month, you will:\nBecome a Trello expert through our onboarding process\nUnderstand our product offering through training\nMaster our platform and be able to support clients on basics requests through ticketing\nWithin 3 months, you will:\nTake ownership of your primary client, while supporting a small portfolio of additional clients as needed\nStart to answer questions coming from your primary client and others\nSupport the Customer Success partner on functional and technical questions\nSuccessfully implement integration (SSO, third-party tools), deliver technical expertise on how to integrate their learning platform to their technical environment & troubleshooting\nWithin 6 months, you will:\nBe able to pitch the value of the 360Learning platform\nDevelop repeatable and scalable processes to improve project quality and delivery\nSupport your customer along their contract from an expertise standpoint\nDeliver Professional Services to your customer base\nWithin 12 months, you will:\nOnboard another Solution Expert\nContribute to our knowledge base to share best practices and lessons learned\nWork with our partner ecosystem to strengthen the services proposed to our clients\nDeliver platform audits to clients\nDeliver professional services proposed in our Professional Service catalogue\nThe Skills Set\n3 years of professional consulting experience, preferably in a customer facing role (Level 2 or 3 support agents, Technical consultant, Technical Account Manager)\nPrevious deployment experience of SaaS products, ideally HR related\nProject management skills\nGood understanding and experience working with APIs, SSO configuration & troubleshooting\nSolution-oriented, client-first mindset in everything you do\nAbility to adapt to your audience, flexibility in tackling a conversation with highly technical stakeholders, and reducing complexity to more common terms with less technical stakeholders\nOrganized, structured, rational, analytical, able to manage priorities across multiple customer implementations\nFluent French and B2 level or equivalent English\nEnthusiasm for our culture explained here\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision what's it like to join 360Learning through our onboarding journey: https://360learning.com/blog/360learner-journey/ & Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L ‍\nInterview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with our Solution Expert Coach\nCase Study Meeting with our Solution Expert Coach and a Solution Expert\nClarification Meeting with our Head of Professional Services\nCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Human Resources Officer\nOffer !\n\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC\nWho We Are\n360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.\n\n360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.\n\nLearning Includes Everyone.\nIn concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80fbe2ed8c646f54","title":"Freelance Documentation Specialist - Fiscal Software Certification","company":"Vista Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=80fbe2ed8c646f54","description":"Freelance Documentation Specialist – Fiscal Software Certification (France)\n\nRemote (EU-based)\n\nFreelance contract | 9 months | French + English\n\nWe are seeking a skilled documentation specialist to lead the creation and delivery of certification materials for fiscal software compliance in France. This role is central to our LNE v1.7 certification initiative and involves translating complex technical content into formal, regulator-facing documentation.\n\nThis is not a generic technical writing role. The ideal candidate will bring a strong understanding of regulatory frameworks, native-level French writing skills, and experience preparing structured documentation for authorities such as LNE, Infocert, or under BOI-TVA-DECLA guidelines.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nLead the documentation stream for LNE v1.7 certification (POS scope)\nTranslate and reformat technical content into regulator-compliant French documentation\nCollaborate closely with Development, Business Analysis, Service Delivery, Product, and Compliance teams\nSupport audit and admissibility processes\nDeliver the seven required LNE dossiers (General Design, Functional Specs, etc...)\n\nRequirements\n\nWhat You Bring\n\nExperience preparing documentation for LNE, Infocert, or similar French fiscal authorities\nFamiliarity with software subject to regulatory certification (e.g., POS, ERP, accounting, retail fiscal systems)\nNative-level French writing and fluent English\nStrong grasp of structured documentation, traceability, and regulatory logic\nAbility to work cross-functionally and translate technical input into formal documentation\n\nBonus Skills\n\nTechnical familiarity with .NET, Azure, or SQL-based systems\nUnderstanding of French VAT or fiscal law concepts\nExperience supporting software audits or regulatory submissions\n\nAbout Us\n\nWe are a global leader in cinema software and digital solutions, expanding across EMEA. This project is a key part of our fiscal compliance roadmap for the French market, with strong executive sponsorship and visibility at the product board level.\n\nWe are proud of our diversity and have placed a high priority on being an inclusive workplace that is reflective of our clients and communities. It is important to us to foster an environment that empowers people to realise their full potential. We aim to do ‘good things with good people’ and we’re proud to say that more than two decades on that’s exactly what we do every single day.\n\nShared Standards\n\nOur Shared Standards act as a compass for how we work together and reflect the behaviours we value at Vista Group. The way in which each member of our crew embodies these Shared Standards is an indicator for performance and success, as it aligns with our vision and strategy.\n\nOne Crew\n\nWe're a diverse team, in different places and functions, and we're at our best when we connect, help and collaborate\n\nShine a Light\n\nWe communicate openly, we explain the why, and we ask when we don't understand. We don't leave people in the dark\n\nMake it Happen\n\nWe make good things happen as people and as teams through our focus on delivery\n\nChase Great\n\nWe challenge ourselves and each other to keep improving\n\nContract Details\n\nFreelance or fixed-term engagement (9 month contract)\nRemote-first (EU/France-based candidates preferred)\nGood daily rate: dependent on experience\nImmediate start preferred\n\nWe value inclusivity celebrate diversity and are committed to offering equal opportunity to our staff and candidates — regardless of gender, age, race, ethnicity, marital status, disability, sex, sexual orientation, religious, ethical beliefs or political opinion. This commitment is reflected in all our employment policies and procedures."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=826609d1c4d0ce4e","title":"Database and Site Reliability Engineer (DRE / SRE) H/F","company":"DOUGS","location":"{\"city\":\"Bron\",\"postalCode\":\"69500\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"69500 Bron\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Bron (69)\",\"latitude\":45.7333,\"longitude\":4.9167,\"streetAddress\":\"32 Rue du 35ÈME Régiment d'Aviation,69500 Bron,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"69500 Bron\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":65000,\"salaryMin\":55000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 55 000 € à 65 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=826609d1c4d0ce4e","description":"Qui sont-ils ?\nAccompagner les entrepreneurs pour qu’ils réussissent.\n\nAujourd'hui je vais te raconter une histoire, celle de Dougs,\n\nDougs, c’est avant tout une histoire humaine, c’est la rencontre de Véronique, Sarah et Patrick, experts-comptables et de Florent, ingénieur.\n\nC’est une société disruptive qui réinvente sans limite l’accompagnement des entrepreneurs. Dougs, c’est bien plus qu’un cabinet d’expertise comptable. Avec une équipe de plus de 90 ingénieurs et 320 professionnels des métiers (experts comptables et avocats), Dougs, c’est une société qui bouscule les codes.\n\nEn 2023, notre vision a pris une nouvelle envergure avec une levée de fonds de 25 millions d'euros. Demain ? Nous allons bâtir une équipe de 500 passionnés partageant nos valeurs : Simple, Professionnel, Enthousiaste, Fantastique, Efficience totale, Voir grand.\n\nC'est par une approche innovante et révolutionnaire de la comptabilité et de l’entrepreneuriat que Dougs change la donne pour plus de 29 000 entrepreneurs.\n\nAlors, prêt à faire partie de l'aventure ?\n\nNous recherchons un Database and Site Reliability Engineer pour intégrer notre pôle DSI, au sein de l’équipe Prod & Systèmes. Tu rejoindras une équipe de SRE (Site Reliability Engineers) et apporteras ton expertise unique pour garantir la disponibilité, la performance et l'efficacité de notre infrastructure et de nos systèmes de données.\n\nDescriptif du poste\n\nTon futur poste\n\nTes missions :\n\nEn tant que SRE/DRE, tu seras un des acteurs principaux de la construction, de l’amélioration et du développement de l'infrastructure de nos applications en mode SaaS. Tu seras le garant de la haute disponibilité de nos bases de données. Tes missions s'articulent autour des principes de DevOps / SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) avec une expertise appliquée au domaine des bases de données :\n\nMaintenir et améliorer l’infrastructure, principalement sur GCP, via Terraform et Terragrunt.\nGérer les déploiements applicatifs dans différents environnements dans des clusters Kubernetes.\nRéaliser l’intégration continue (CI/CD) principalement basé sur des Github workflows.\nConsolider l’architecture globale de la Tech chez Dougs et être impliqué dans la construction d’une infrastructure résiliente et flexible.\nMettre en place et maintenir des systèmes d’observabilité, des stratégies de sauvegarde et de récupération.\nAnalyser les performances de nos bases de données pour identifier et résoudre les goulots d'étranglement.\nConcevoir des schémas de données efficaces, optimiser les requêtes SQL et adopter les meilleures pratiques en matière de gestion de données.\nIntervenir en cas de problème pour minimiser l'impact, résoudre la cause racine et documenter l'incident pour en tirer des enseignements.\n\nProfil recherché\nEt toi dans tout ça ?\nTu as au moins 5 ans d’expérience dans un poste similaire, ou en tant que SRE avec une solide expertise en bases de données.\nTu maîtrises les principes de l'Infrastructure as Code (IaC) et des outils comme Terraform ou Ansible.\nTu es à l'aise avec les environnements cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) et de conteneurisation (Docker, Kubernetes).\nTu sais coder en Python ou Bash pour l'automatisation et le développement d'outils.\nTu es proactif, autonome et tu as un excellent esprit d'équipe. Tu aimes partager tes connaissances et mentorer les autres.\nTu aimes résoudre des problèmes et te confronter à des challenges techniques.\nTu as une réelle volonté de participer à un projet, contribuer de manière autonome, le tout avec enthousiasme, envie et bonne humeur ! :D\n\nDans ce cas, le poste est fait pour toi ? Rejoins-nous !\n\n️ Notre environnement technologique :\n\nNous travaillons sur une stack moderne et flexible (comme notre solution, nos équipes, notre travail …), aujourd’hui principalement constitué de Node.js (TypeScript, framework NestJS), Angular, React Native, Postgres, MongoDB, Redis, RabbitMQ. Nous sommes ouverts à faire évoluer ces composants de façon éclairée et pragmatique. Nous hébergeons tous ces services principalement sur GCP et orchestrons leur déploiement grâce à Kubernetes.\n\nOrchestration : Kubernetes, Helm, ArgoCD\nInfrastructure: Terraform, Terragrunt, GCP\nBases de données : PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, RabbitMQ\nIntégration continue : Github Actions\nMonitoring : Datadog\n\nPrécisions du poste :\n\nLes locaux se situent à Bron collé à Lyon. Facilement accessible en transport en commun, arrêt de tram T5 Parc du Chêne, Bus 52, Bus ZI7… Bref de quoi faire…\n\nAdresse : 32 Rue du 35ème Régiment d’Aviation 69500 Bron\n\nDans nos locaux, en télétravail partiel ou à 100%, tout est possible !\n\nPoste ouvert aux personnes en situation de handicap\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\n\nRémunération : 55 000,00€ à 65 000,00€ par an\n\nDéroulement des entretiens\n1er entretien visio avec Emilie, Head Of Talent\n2ème entretien visio avec Jimmy, DSI\n3ème entretien visio avec Baptiste et Jonathan (Architectes)\n\nTest technique\nDébrief du test technique\nPrise de décision"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=830f1f0689fb9456","title":"Business Developer H/F","company":"Techunt","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":60000,\"salaryMin\":50000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 50 000 € à 60 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"21 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=830f1f0689fb9456","description":"*Qui nous sommes*\nTecHunt est un cabinet de recrutement spécialisé en Data, IA, Blockchain et Développement. On place des ingénieurs et des experts chez des scale-ups et grands comptes, avec une approche pilotée par des profils techniques.\n\n*Votre mission*\n\n* Ouvrir des comptes et signer des contrats cadres avec des directions Tech, Achats et RH.\n* Mener le cycle complet : prospection multi-canal, discovery, scoping, soutenance, closing, expansion.\n* Travailler en binôme avec nos talent partners pour délivrer vite et bien.\n* Construire un pipe prévisible, reporter proprement, partager le terrain pour faire évoluer l’offre.\n\n*Ce que vous apportez*\n\n* 2+ ans en vente B2B (idéalement services Tech/ESN/SAAS/Conseil).\n* Maîtrise des fondamentaux : qualification, négociation, closing.\n* Rigueur de CRM, aisance écrite/orale en français, anglais pro apprécié.\n\n*Ce que nous offrons*\n\n* *Rémunération* : 50–60k€ fixe selon profil + *prime sur objectifs* déplafonnée.\n* *BSPCE* : package d’actions pour bénéficier directement de la croissance.\n* *Full remote* : organisation asynchrone, horaires flexibles, rituels d’équipe clairs.\n* *Aide à l’équipement* : budget home office (écran, siège, casque, etc.).\n* *Onboarding et support* : scripts, playbooks, séquences, base de cas clients.\n* *Perspectives* : évolution rapide vers Senior AE / Head of Sales selon résultats.\n\n*Ce qui fera la différence*\n\n* Un portefeuille ou des accès dans l’écosystème Tech (CTO, Head of Data, Achats IT).\n* Une mentalité d’owner : autonome, orientée impact, élégante dans l’exécution.\n\n*Process*\n\n* Call de 20 min pour cadrer.\n* Rencontre équipe fondatrice.\n* Proposition.\n\n*Postuler*\n\nEnvoyez nous un message sur notre page Linkedin avec votre CV\nhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/techunt-france\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\nStatut : Cadre\n\nRémunération : 50 000,00€ à 60 000,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Intéressement et participation\n* RTT\n* Travail à domicile occasionnel\n\n\n\nFormation:\n* Baccalauréat / Niveau bac (Optionnel)\n\nExpérience:\n* Business Development: 1 an (Optionnel)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=83d6add908821179","title":"Manager Sales (Nature Based Solutions)","company":"Boomitra","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=83d6add908821179","description":"Manager – Sales (Nature Based Solutions)\nLocation: Remote (Mainland Europe; U.K.)\n\nMain PurposeBoomitra Website\nAs Manager Sales (Nature Based Solutions) you will support our sales efforts by following up on leads, qualifying prospects, and ensuring a strong sales pipeline. The ideal candidate is a self-starter, highly organized, proactive and excellent at persistent outreach. Experience in trading is essential, more specifically commodity, energy, and emissions trading. Should have the ability to drive engagement and maintain a steady flow of potential buyers.\n\nThis position offers a unique opportunity to contribute to the fight against climate change while supporting building a successful sales strategy and team.\n\nResponsibilities\n• Follow up on inbound and outbound leads, ensuring timely engagement and follow-through.\n• Qualify prospects by gathering key information, assessing potential interest, understanding their needs and nurturing them through the sales funnel.\n• Maintain and update CRM systems (HubSpot) to track outreach efforts, customer interactions, and sales pipeline progression.\n• Set up meetings between prospects and the Sales Director.\n• Support the Sales Director in preparing sales materials and tracking deal progress.\n• Stay proactive in engaging potential buyers and keeping them warm.\n• Collaborate with marketing, product and operations teams to refine messaging and improve outreach strategies.\n• Build relationships with potential buyers, addressing their concerns and positioning Boomitra’s value proposition effectively.\n• Stay informed about carbon markets, sustainability trends, and emerging opportunities to refine sales approaches.\n• Maintain accurate records of sales activities, pipelines and client interactions and provide regular reports on progress and results to senior management. Ensure all sales processes comply with industry standards and company policies.\n\nQualifications, Experience and Competencies\n• 2-4 years of experience in sales, lead generation, or business development, ideally B2B.\n• Bachelor's / Master’s degree in a related field is preferred.\n• Proven trading experience is essential, preferably in Commodity, Energy, or Emissions markets, with an understanding of market dynamics, pricing, and risk management.\n• Strong ability to engage and persuade prospects through persistent follow-ups.\n• Excellent communication and relationship building skills.\n• Highly organized and able to manage multiple leads efficiently.\n• Proficiency in using CRM tools (preferably HubSpot) is a plus.\n• Self-motivated, goal-driven, and eager to learn.\n• Passion for sustainability, climate action, or related fields is a plus but not mandatory.\n\nJoin the Team Making a Global Impact on Climate Change\nAre you interested in moving the needle on climate change? At Boomitra, we’re not just a company—we’re a mission-driven movement tackling one of the greatest challenges of our time: climate change. As a fast-growing leader in Climate Tech, we are pioneering solutions that make a real difference, empowering small farmers worldwide while creating a sustainable future for all. We aim to reduce humanity’s entire carbon footprint by 20% in the next 10 years! You will also have the chance to do exciting work at the forefront of satellite and AI technology, while solving major problems for our Fortune 500 clients! We are funded and backed by top Fortune 500 companies who truly care about mitigating climate change at scale!\n\nWhy Work With Us?\nBe Part of Global Change: Collaborate with a passionate, international team working on cutting-edge solutions to combat climate change and promote environmental sustainability.\nShape the Future: Join us in scaling a transformative business from the ground up, with opportunities to drive real impact at every stage.\nFlexible and Supportive Work Culture: We offer a flexible schedule, generous vacation days, and a strong commitment to work-life balance, tailored to accommodate individual needs.\nDiversity and Inclusion: We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an environment where everyone—regardless of background—can thrive.\nCommitment to Growth: Personal development, continuous learning, and diversification of skills are at the heart of what we do.\n\nWhat We Offer\n• Competitive salary packages aligned with experience and responsibilities.\n• Comprehensive benefits, including personal time off and professional development support.\n• The chance to work alongside dedicated experts from around the world, building high-performing cross-functional teams.\n\nOur Impact\nWe are proud to be recognized globally for our groundbreaking work:\nTIME Magazine’s 100 Most Influential Companies (2024): Highlighting organizations making extraordinary global impacts.\nThe Earthshot Prize Winner – 2023 (Fix Our Climate): Awarded by HRH Prince William for our innovative approach to soil carbon sequestration.\n\nBy partnering with farmers and ranchers, we drive regenerative land management practices that capture and store carbon, enhance soil health, and increase agricultural yields. These efforts improve biodiversity and water quality while providing farmers with additional income through carbon credits.\n\nOur Commitment to Equal Opportunity\nWe are an equal opportunity employer dedicated to fostering a culture of mutual respect and inclusivity. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, gender, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Diversity and inclusion are essential to our success, and we strive to create a workplace that supports personal and professional growth for all.\n\nIf you’re ready to join a dynamic team that’s transforming the planet, we’d love to hear from you. Together, we’re recarbonizing the soil and protecting our shared future."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=84754e40079db359","title":"Product Marketing Manager","company":"Qovery","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":\"France,France,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=84754e40079db359","description":"We provide the DevOps automation platform built to empower developers. From cloud infrastructure provisioning to production deployment, Qovery streamlines every step, enabling faster delivery, simplified workflows, and significant time savings.\n\nWhy is your role important?\n\nAs Qovery’s first Product Marketing Manager, you will lay the foundation for how our story is told to the world. You’ll shape the way we position ourselves in a crowded DevOps and cloud market, crafting messaging that cuts through the noise and resonates with both developers and business buyers. This role is pivotal in giving clarity to our narrative, enabling the sales team, and helping our users understand the real value of choosing Qovery.\n\nWhat will your job look like\n\nAs our first Product Marketing Manager, you’ll be both strategist and builder. Your mission will be to:\n\nDefine positioning and messaging that makes Qovery’s value clear to developers, platform teams, and business stakeholders.\nEnable our sales team with the right tools (battlecards, one-pagers, pitch decks) to communicate our story with clarity and impact.\nShape our go-to-market strategy for new features and product launches, ensuring we stand out in a crowded DevOps/CloudOps market.\nCollaborate with Product and Engineering to translate complex technology into simple, compelling narratives.\nLead market research and competitive analysis to keep us ahead of industry trends and sharpen our differentiation.\nSupport demand generation with content and campaigns that attract and educate prospects.\nEmbody Qovery’s Culture: Collaborate in a caring, transparent, and innovative environment, building authentic relationships with customers and colleagues.\n\nThis is a role for someone who thrives in an early-stage environment: you’ll have freedom to experiment, influence strategy directly, and set the standards for Product Marketing at Qovery.\n\nAbout you\n\nWe’re looking for a Product Marketing Manager who is equal parts storyteller and strategist. Someone who can dive deep into our product, empathise with developers and platform teams, and translate technical complexity into messages that resonate.\n\nHere’s what will help you succeed:\n\nAt least 5 years experience as a Product Marketing Manager in B2B SaaS in early-stage startups.\nExperience in DevOps, Cloud, Platform Engineering, or a technical developer-focused product.\nA builder’s mindset: you’ve shaped Product Marketing in a growing company before, or you’re eager to take on that challenge for the first time.\nStrong communication skills: you can switch seamlessly between writing clear, concise copy and building narratives for executives, customers, and sales teams.\nAnalytical and curious: you like to dig into customer insights, market research, and data to inform positioning and strategy.\nCollaborative by nature: you work well with Product, Engineering, Sales, and Marketing, and know how to bridge technical and commercial worlds.\nHands-on and proactive: in a small team, you’re comfortable rolling up your sleeves and making things happen.\n\nMost importantly, you share our values: ownership, transparency, and a developer-first mindset.\n\nWhat You’ll Get at Qovery\nCompetitive Compensation.\nComprehensive Benefits.\nFlexible Work Setup: Remote-first culture; work from anywhere with a reliable internet connection.\nLearning Opportunities: Professional development and growth supported from day one.\nInnovative Environment: Join a high-growth startup pushing boundaries in cloud technology.\nAuthentic Culture: Collaborate with a team that values care, innovation, and customer success.\nOur Talent Acquisition Process\n\nWe’ve designed a streamlined process to ensure a great candidate experience. Typically, it takes 3-4 weeks:\n\nInitial Call: Meet with Marie or Ludwig to discuss your experience, motivation, and career goals.\nHiring Manager Interview: A 60-minute deep dive into your sales skills and collaboration experience.\nWorkshop/Case Study Presentation\nFinal Round: Meet with a co-founder and leadership to discuss alignment with Qovery’s values and mission.\nReference Checks: Validate performance, integrity, and alignment with our needs.\n\nThis position is open to candidates who are authorised to work in France. Immigration sponsorship is not available at this time.\n\nWe’re committed to keeping you informed throughout the process, ensuring a smooth and transparent experience.\n\nQovery is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and candidates. Employment decisions are based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs, without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a4f0af7518329e7","title":"Senior Backend Engineer (TypeScript) [Prisma Postgres]","company":"Prisma Data","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a4f0af7518329e7","description":"At Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data infrastructure powering companies like Twitter, Airbnb, and Facebook, but want the agility, ownership, and impact of a fast-moving startup, Prisma is the place for you.\n\nBacked by top-tier Silicon Valley investors like Amplify Partners, Kleiner Perkins, and IVP, our small, distributed team is making advanced database technology accessible to developers everywhere. Our open-source tools are trusted by over 400,000 developers each month, with a thriving community on Discord and GitHub, where we’ve earned 43,000+ GitHub Stars.\n\nAt the heart of our commercial offerings is Prisma Postgres, our flagship product designed to supercharge PostgreSQL with modern developer workflows, performance optimizations, and seamless scaling. Alongside it, Prisma Accelerate, and Studio, provide a world-class tookit for building with data.\n\nBy combining the power of open-source with cutting-edge commercial solutions, we’re shaping the future of databases, one developer at a time.\n\nWhat would you do at Prisma?\n\nYou’ll be part of our Prisma Data Platform team which is responsible for Accelerate, Prisma Postgres and the bare metal cloud that those products are build on. You'll be contributing across the stack to the projects of the team.\n\nTo give you a clear idea of what the job could entail, here are some examples of the work we’ve done lately or will start soon:\n\nDesign, implement and deploy a websocket server that will allow customers to connect to Prisma Postgres from WASM environments where TCP connections are unavailable.\nWork closely with the ORM team to define the protocol of that server so they can implement the client adapter.\nChoose and deploy a globally distributed configuration store (like etcd, rqlite) for encrypted authentication secrets to enable global routing for Prisma Postgres.\nWork together with an infra engineer to improve automation of our bare metal servers with the goal to reduce the provisioning time of new servers.\nTroubleshoot and fix a bug where a customer experiences sporadic connectivity issues.\nAn Ideal Candidate Profile\n\nWe believe the right candidate for this position should meet a majority of the criteria listed below.\n\n8+ Years experience in agile software engineering teams, delivering robust web applications, using TypeScript, NodeJS and golang.\nExperience in building and scaling distributed systems. Experience with bare metal servers is a plus.\nExperience in database and backend technologies like SQL/NoSQL databases and familiarity with cloud services, APIs (GraphQL/REST).\nHigh standards for quality, ensuring excellence while balancing pragmatism, purpose, and a strong sense of agency—taking ownership, making thoughtful trade-offs, and driving meaningful impact.\nStrong communication skills in English, both written and verbal—able to articulate complex ideas clearly, adapt messaging to different audiences, give and receive constructive feedback effectively, and foster collaboration across teams.\nYou have a structured thought process, approaching problems methodically and making well-reasoned decisions. You plan effectively, setting clear goals, anticipating challenges, and ensuring smooth execution while keeping stakeholders aligned.\nWhat's it like to work at Prisma?\n\nYou're likely to be a great fit for the team if you ...\n\n... have an ownership mindset. As an Engineering Manager leading the ORM team, you'll have an outsized impact on decisions and the way things are executed.\n... stay nimble. It's a startup, things change and you are ok with that. Be ready to re-calibrate often and stay flexible.\n... be kind and collaborative. Come in ready to share your ideas and listen to feedback.\nWhat's in it for you?\n\nWe put our people first**.** Strong pay, full flexibility, and benefits that make a difference. Take the time off that you need, grow your career, and do work that matters.\n\nAn opportunity to lead the team shaping Prisma’s cutting-edge cloud products, driving innovation in modern database tooling and redefining how developers build and scale applications — see what we’re building.\nA Fun and Supportive Team that values collaboration, growth, and continuous learning.\nCompetitive Base Salary and Stock Options, including extended post-termination exercise windows.\nFully Remote Work with flexibility to work from anywhere within our required time zones. If you prefer an office environment, we provide access to a local co-working space for up to ten days per month.\nGenerous Time Off, including twenty-four days of paid vacation and paid sick leave.\nParental Benefits, including twenty weeks of fully paid parental leave and child sick leave.\nSabbatical Leave, with six weeks of fully paid time off after three years of continuous employment.\nMental Health Support, including four fully paid Mental Health Days per year and access to professional resources.\nTech and Ergonomic Budget to equip you with the tools you need, plus an ergonomic chair subsidy for your comfort and well-being.\nAnnual Offsites, bringing the team together twice a year with all expenses paid retreats at exciting locations.\nRelocation Support, offering a relocation package for team members moving to Berlin after twelve months, if you choose to relocate.\n[US] Health and Pension Benefits, including comprehensive health, dental, vision, and 401k matching.\nRemote Work\n\nTo ensure effective collaboration we can currently only accept candidates within the timezone GMT -2 to GMT +3 for this position.\n\nWhat is our hiring process like?\nIntroductory Call with our future manager.\nTake Home Assignment followed by a debrief call\nSystem Design Interview with one of your peer engineers\nInterview with our Head of Engineering\nFinal Interview **with our CEO / COO.\nOffer\n\nThe above serves as a basic outline, we might choose to add or remove steps based on the information that we gather during the process.\n\nIf you believe that this is the right position for you then please send your resume along with any supporting documentation or information to us via the link provided on this page. We typically respond within 7 business days.\n\nIn line with our Fair Treatment and Equal Opportunity Policy, as well as our Disability Policy, Prisma follows fair and merit-based hiring practices, ensuring all candidates are evaluated based on their skills, experience, and qualifications. We do not make hiring decisions based on age, race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, parental or caregiver status, trade union membership, disability, religious belief or lack of belief, life expectancy, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veteran or military status."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8aee16d54e138518","title":"Peerpoint Head of Client Development - UK","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"23 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8aee16d54e138518","description":"We are currently recruiting for a Head of Client Development - UK to join our Peerpoint team in London to be responsible for leading and executing Peerpoint’s client development strategy in the UK. This senior role is pivotal in driving sustainable revenue growth, enhancing client relationships, and positioning Peerpoint as the market leader in legal consulting. The role will lead the UK client development team, manage strategic accounts, and collaborate closely with internal stakeholders across A&O Shearman to ensure alignment with Peerpoint’s strategic vision.\nAs a senior member of Peerpoint’s team, you are visionary, adaptable and team-oriented. At a high level, this involves:\nSetting and delivering the UK client development strategy in partnership with the Peerpoint Chief Executive Officer, the Head of Peerpoint UK and the Peerpoint Global Head of Strategy, Growth & New Business Acquisition.\nActing as the senior face of Peerpoint to clients – building trust, deepening relationships, and positioning Peerpoint as a preferred legal resourcing partner.\nProviding leadership across the UK client development function, ensuring the team delivers exceptional service, drives revenue growth, and maintains Peerpoint’s market-leading standards.\nYou are a commercially minded communicator who thrives on developing high-performing teams. You bring people together, coach with purpose, and inspire confidence – creating an environment where client-centricity, innovation, and excellence are at the heart of everything you do.\n\nROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES\nThe Peerpoint Head of Client Development - UK is responsible for leading on the businesses’ continued growth and approach to outperforming the interim legal market in the UK. Responsibilities include:\n\nStrategic leadership\nSet and execute the UK client development strategy in alignment with Peerpoint’s global growth objectives and AD&S priorities.\nMonitor market trends, regulatory changes, and competitive dynamics to identify opportunities for innovation and growth.\nCollaborate with the Head of UK and the Peerpoint Global Head of Strategy, Growth & New Business Acquisition to shape the UK business plan and revenue targets.\nRepresent Peerpoint externally as a senior brand ambassador at industry events, client forums, and media engagements (in line with A&O Shearman’s media policy).\nClient development & relationship management\nBuild and maintain senior-level relationships with GCs, Heads of Legal, Legal COOs, and other key decision-makers across strategic accounts.\nLead strategic account management for the UK’s most important clients, ensuring high levels of satisfaction and repeat business.\nLead the full client lifecycle: from new business development and lead qualification to commercial negotiation and long-term relationship management.\nCollaborate with A&O Shearman partners and BD teams to ensure Peerpoint is integrated into broader client relationships and cross-sell opportunities.\nIn collaboration with the Head of UK, the evolution of the feedback cycle on placements and Peerpoint’s client and consultant listening program.\nCommercial and price setting\nContinual assessment and review as to Peerpoint’s unique selling proposition – ensuring it is current, market leading, understood and implemented by the team.\nIn collaboration with the Contracts and Operations teams, responsibility for the UK businesses’ implementation of commercial terms with clients.\nReview and setting of Peerpoint’s pricing strategy for the UK market.\nTeam leadership & development\nLead, coach, and inspire the UK client development team to deliver against individual, team, and business goals.\nSet clear objectives, provide regular feedback, and foster a high-performance, inclusive, and collaborative team culture.\nSupport team training and capability building, including best practice sharing and process improvement initiatives.\nOperational excellence\nDrive operational efficiencies across the client development lifecycle, including pipeline management, forecasting, and reporting.\nCollaborate with marketing to deliver targeted campaigns, thought leadership, and events that support client acquisition and retention.\nForecast and report on performance metrics, KPIs, and revenue targets.\nWHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR\nProven experience in client development, sales, and relationship management within a professional services or legal consulting environment.\nStrong leadership experience with a track record of building and managing high-performing teams.\nCommercially astute with excellent negotiation, strategic planning and analytical skills.\nExceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with high emotional intelligence.\nExperience working with senior stakeholders and managing complex client relationships.\nEntrepreneurial mindset with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, scale-up environment.\nExperience working across cultures and jurisdictions is a plus.\nA passion for delivering exceptional client service and driving innovation in legal resourcing.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing an onsite gym, wellbeing centre and GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, season ticket loans and online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nOur approach to hybrid working seeks to combine and maximise the benefits of effective remote working with the benefits of being in the office. Our current hybrid working arrangements require office based working for a minimum of 60% of your time (i.e. three days per week for a full time role) in accordance with our hybrid working policy.\n\nAdditional information - External\n\nThe deadline for applications to this role is close of business on Tuesday, 30 September 2025.\n\nA&O Shearman is a global industry-leading law firm, with nearly 50 offices in 28 countries worldwide. Our fluency in English law, US law, and the laws of the world’s most dynamic markets, enables us to provide unmatched insight and seamless delivery to clients. We work on challenging and important deals and disputes that have the potential to shape the future.\n\nWe offer exceptional opportunities for our people; opportunities to work for the world’s leading businesses; to transform the status quo, and to deliver your best work, helping you and your career to thrive, while delivering unparalleled outcomes for our clients.\n\nWhether you're helping clients solve complex challenges, transforming the ways we manage our business, or ensuring the smooth-running of our operations, this is an environment where you can belong and excel. We provide first-rate training and development, we are committed to an inclusive environment, and we provide support and ways of working that help you optimise your wellbeing.\n\nWhat truly defines a career with us? We recruit the best and ask for the best of you. And together, we will redefine success."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8b5a66d44d035e93","title":"Business Developer (H/F)","company":"Vinium","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":70000,\"salaryMin\":40000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 40 000 € à 70 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8b5a66d44d035e93","description":"CDI\nHome office\nPubliée le 01/09/2025\nDescription du poste\nCommerce Marketing / Communication\n\nÀ propos de Vinium\n\nFondée à Beaune (Bourgogne) en 2001, Vinium est une agence web experte en vin et e-commerce.\nNotre équipe de 10 passionnés, 100% remote et répartie aux quatre coins de la France, accompagne des domaines viticoles iconiques, des grands groupes de luxe, mais aussi des acteurs de l’architecture, de l’hospitality ou de l’artisanat haut de gamme.\n\nAvec un taux de fidélisation client de plus de 80% depuis plus de 20 ans, nous avons su bâtir une réputation d’exigence et de sur-mesure.\nNos projets e-commerce sont développés sur Sylius, dont nous sommes partenaires, avec une expertise unique sur la gestion de la rareté et des allocations.\n\nVotre mission\n\nRattaché(e) au dirigeant et aux chefs de projet, vous serez le moteur du développement commercial de Vinium en France et à l’international.\n\nVos responsabilités :\n\nProspecter activement et identifier de nouvelles opportunités\nDévelopper le portefeuille clients sur le marché français et international\nQualifier et transformer les leads entrants\nPlanifier, organiser et assurer des rendez-vous commerciaux (notamment auprès de vignerons)\nSuivre et enrichir le CRM\nReprésenter l’agence lors d’événements et de salons professionnels\nProfil recherché\nNiveau d'études souhaité\nBac+2 (BTS,BTSA,DUT,DEUG, DUEST)\nLangues\nFrançais ( Lu, écrit, parlé )\nAnglais ( Lu, écrit, parlé )\nExpérience professionnelle\nDe 2 à 5 ans d'exp\nPermis\nPermis B\nExpérience commerciale confirmée dans le secteur du vin\nConnaissance pointue et passionnée du monde viticole (technique, culturel, tendances, acteurs clés)\nExcellentes compétences relationnelles, communication et négociation\nCapacité à créer des relations durables et à développer un réseau haut de gamme\nDynamisme, autonomie, enthousiasme, sens du challenge\nPrésentation soignée, excellente maîtrise du français, anglais courant requis\nInformations complémentaires\nSalaire annuel brut\nMin 40000 € - Max 70000 €\nComplément de salaire\nCommission\nAvantages\nTélétravail Travail du lundi au vendredi\nPoste 100% télétravail\nUne équipe soudée, passionnée et bienveillante\nUne filière prestigieuse et attractive\nUn rôle clé avec grande autonomie et contacts à haut niveau\nUne excellente couverture sociale\n6 semaines de congés / an\nCDI – 39h – Rémunération motivante selon profil\nRéf. Vitijob\n105157\nCette offre vous intéresse ?"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8baf83f2c24b9e62","title":"Senior Engineering Manager","company":"Prisma Data","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8baf83f2c24b9e62","description":"At Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data infrastructure powering companies like Twitter, Airbnb, and Facebook—but want the agility, ownership, and impact of a fast-moving startup, Prisma is the place for you.\n\nBacked by top-tier Silicon Valley investors like Amplify Partners, Kleiner Perkins, and IVP, our small, distributed team is making advanced database technology accessible to developers everywhere. Our open-source tools are trusted by over 400,000 developers each month, with a thriving community on Discord and GitHub, where we’ve earned 41,000+ GitHub Stars.\n\nAt the heart of our commercial offerings is Prisma Postgres, our flagship product designed to supercharge PostgreSQL with modern developer workflows, performance optimizations, and seamless scaling. Alongside it, Prisma Accelerate, and Studio, provide a world-class tookit for building with data.\n\nBy combining the power of open-source with cutting-edge commercial solutions, we’re shaping the future of databases, one developer at a time.\n\nAt Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data\n\nWhat would you do at Prisma?\n\nWe anticipate you to be responsible for:\n\nPeople: Empower your engineering team to achieve technical excellence and meaningful impact by ensuring they have the support and resources to do their best work. This includes providing constructive feedback, creating learning and growth opportunities, and challenging them to improve. Help them understand why their work matters and how it aligns with company-wide KPIs. We believe that strong, healthy teams start with investing in people.\nProcess: Optimize and refine development processes and technical practices to drive continuous improvement. We believe in relentless optimization—if something can be done better, we find a way. You will lead engineering team meetings to plan and prioritize work, run retrospectives to identify improvements, and establish policies that enhance communication, collaboration, and code quality.\nDelivery: Success for your team means consistently delivering high-quality software that provides value while maintaining a sustainable pace. You will collaborate closely with the Product Manager to prioritize product initiatives, define the roadmap, and drive technical improvements.\nAn Ideal Candidate Profile\n\nWe believe the right candidate for this position should meet a majority of the criteria listed below.\n\n8+ Years proven leadership in software engineering teams, with hands-on experience as a software engineer. Specifically a strong understanding of\nExperience in database and backend technologies, including TypeScript, SQL/NoSQL databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB, SQL Server), and familiarity with cloud services, APIs (GraphQL/REST), and developer tooling is a plus.\nHigh standards for quality, ensuring excellence while balancing pragmatism, purpose, and a strong sense of agency—taking ownership, making thoughtful trade-offs, and driving meaningful impact.\nFocused on helping your team understand the why.\nStrong communication skills in English, both written and verbal—able to articulate complex ideas clearly, adapt messaging to different audiences, give and receive constructive feedback effectively, and foster collaboration across teams.\nYou have a structured thought process, approaching problems methodically and making well-reasoned decisions. You plan effectively, setting clear goals, anticipating challenges, and ensuring smooth execution while keeping stakeholders aligned.\nWhat's it like to work at Prisma?\n\nYou're likely to be a great fit for the team if you ...\n\n... have an ownership mindset. As an Engineering Manager leading the ORM team, you'll have an outsized impact on decisions and the way things are executed.\n... stay nimble. It's a startup, things change and you are ok with that. Be ready to re-calibrate often and stay flexible.\n... be kind and collaborative. Come in ready to share your ideas and listen to feedback.\nWhat's in it for you?\n\nWe put our people first. Strong pay, full flexibility, and benefits that make a difference. Take the time off that you need, grow your career, and do work that matters.\n\nAn opportunity to lead the team shaping Prisma’s cutting-edge cloud products, driving innovation in modern database tooling and redefining how developers build and scale applications — see what we’re building.\nA Fun and Supportive Team that values collaboration, growth, and continuous learning.\nCompetitive Base Salary and Stock Options, including extended post-termination exercise windows.\nFully Remote Work with flexibility to work from anywhere within our required time zones. If you prefer an office environment, we provide access to a local co-working space for up to ten days per month.\nGenerous Time Off, including twenty-four days of paid vacation and paid sick leave.\nParental Benefits, including twenty weeks of fully paid parental leave and child sick leave.\nSabbatical Leave, with six weeks of fully paid time off after three years of continuous employment.\nMental Health Support, including four fully paid Mental Health Days per year and access to professional resources.\nTech budge to equip you with the tools you need.\nAnnual Off-sites, bringing the team together twice a year with all expenses paid retreats at exciting locations.\nRelocation Support, offering a relocation package for team members moving to Berlin after twelve months, if you choose to relocate.\n[US] Health and Pension Benefits, including comprehensive health, dental, vision, and 401k matching.\nRemote Work\n\nTo ensure effective collaboration we can currently only accept candidates within the timezone GMT -2 to GMT +3 for this position.\n\nWhat is our hiring process like?\nIntroductory Call with our Head of Engineering\nTake Home Assignment followed by a debrief call with members from Engineering and Leadership to discuss your assignment.\nTeam Interview with some of the engineers that form part of your team.\nLeadership Interview with our COO.\nFinal Interview **with our CEO.\nOffer\n\nThe above serves as a basic outline, we might choose to add or remove steps based on the information that we gather during the process.\n\nIf you believe that this is the right position for you then please send your resume along with any supporting documentation or information to us via the link provided on this page. We typically respond within 7 business days.\n\nIn line with our Fair Treatment and Equal Opportunity Policy, as well as our Disability Policy, Prisma follows fair and merit-based hiring practices, ensuring all candidates are evaluated based on their skills, experience, and qualifications. We do not make hiring decisions based on age, race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, parental or caregiver status, trade union membership, disability, religious belief or lack of belief, life expectancy, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veteran or military status."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8e1d90f3ec4536d3","title":"Commercial Sénior et Mentor (futur Team Lead) H/F - Team Full remote","company":"Pretto","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"37 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8e1d90f3ec4536d3","description":"Qui sommes-nous chez Pretto ? \\uD83D\\uDC9A\n\nL’achat immobilier est l’un des moments les plus importants d’une vie. Mais c’est aussi une étape stressante et complexe, surtout quand il s’agit de trouver le prêt immobilier qui valide son projet.\n\nPretto, c’est la fintech qui rend simple, efficace et équitable la recherche de crédit immobilier.\n\nNotre secret sauce ?\n\n- Le meilleur simulateur du marché qui permet de savoir en 3 min si on peut acheter, combien et à quel taux,\n- Un expert dédié qui accompagne des premières recherches de bien jusqu’à la signature et négocie pour ses clients auprès des banques,\n- Une UX aux petits oignons pour supprimer la paperasse et suivre son projet depuis son canapé.\n\nLe résultat : des acheteurs qui obtiennent facilement leur prêt et découvrent la joie d’être propriétaire. Et ça, ça n’a pas de prix !\n\nDepuis 2017, Pretto c'est 150 000 clients conseillés, 1 Milliard € de prêt financés par an, une note de 4,9/5 sur Trustpilot, 200 collaborateurs entre Paris et Nantes, une récente série C de 40 Millions d’€... et ce n'est que le début !\n\n4 raisons de nous rejoindre ?\n- on a un vrai impact sur la vie de nos clients, c’est pourquoi on met toute notre énergie et notre exigence pour proposer la meilleure expérience à tous les niveaux\n- nos équipes sont engagées et aux profils très variés, on cultive la collaboration dans une atmosphère bienveillante et positive\n- on aide chacun à bien grandir avec des rituels de feedback ainsi qu’une formation continue via la Pretto Academy, notre super école de vente.\n- nous sommes labellisés B Corp : Pretto s’engage dans une démarche durable et responsable.\n\nPour aller plus loin, on vous présente sur notre site Inside Pretto tout ce qu’il faut savoir sur Pretto, ce qu’on y fait, pourquoi, comment on y travaille, grandit… et s’épanouit !\n\n Nous rejoindre en tant que Commercial Sénior et Mentor chez Pretto\n\nL'entité Full-Remote de Pretto poursuit sa croissance rapide et pour accompagner cette dynamique, nous recherchons un(e) Commercial(e) Sénior / Mentor basé en France métropolitaine. Le poste mêle une forte contribution opérationnelle (4/5ème) et un temps dédié au mentorat d'une petite équipe junior (1/5ème). L'objectif affiché est d'évoluer sur un poste de Team Lead à moyen-terme mais il est aussi possible de rester sur un poste opérationnel.\n\nTon rôle\n\n- Convertir un fort volume de flux entrant très qualifié via notre simulateur\n- Gérer un portefeuille et générer 25% de son chiffre d'affaires via le parrainage\n- Accompagner les clients dans la construction de la meilleure solution de financement dans le cadre de leur projet immobilier et savoir les fidéliser\n- Négocier avec les banques\n- Contribuer à l'amélioration continuelle de nos outils et technologies au contact d'une équipe Tech/Produit de folie\n- Accompagner la progression opérationnelle et suivre les performances de 1 à 3 Experts Crédits\n\nTon profil\n\n- Tu as une expérience en Sales significative d'au moins 4/5 ans : tu te considères expert dans le développement commercial, idéalement sur du produit complexe\n- Si tu as de l'XP dans le courtage en crédit immo, ce sera bien évidemment un plus, mais ce n'est pas nécessairement un pré-requis !\n- Tu cherches une entreprise où il y a un fort volume d'activité à gérer, tu veux des journée qui filent à 100 à l'heure et beaucoup de clients à gérer en simultané !\n- Tu as une expérience significative en full-remote et tu sais maintenant que c'est comme ça que tu veux bosser (et pas autrement !)\n- Tu as déjà formé/mentoré/coaché des commerciaux apprenants et tu prends beaucoup de plaisir à le faire\n- Tu es avant tout drivé par une vraie soif de commerce : tu cherches à atteindre et dépasser des objectifs ambitieux\n- Tu cherches à devenir un manager engagé, qui inspire par l’exemple et crée un collectif soudé autour de lui\n- Tu es à l’aise avec les outils (CRM, solutions métier), et tu comprends que la tech est un levier fort de performance\n- Tu es rigoureux(se), structuré(e), avec un excellent relationnel et une communication irréprochable (écrite comme orale)\n\nRejoins la team Sales parce que :\n\nOn t’offre un accompagnement en interne avec les meilleurs standards (formation coaching, culture de l’entraide et transmission de bonnes pratiques)\nOn te propose un package avec un fixe à 37K€ accompagné d'un variable déplafonné basé sur tes performances\nOn te propose un plan de carrière qui te permettra de grandir chez nous\nLa culture du feedback : chez Pretto tout le monde a droit de donner son avis et proposer des solutions, c'est même recommandé !\n\nLes avantages à travailler chez Pretto\n\nUn package salarial avantageux : carte ticket restaurant Swile, mutuelle prise en charge à 50%\nDes primes attractives : vacances, cooptation pouvant aller jusqu'à 2000€, intéressement, naissance\nDes moments partagés entre collègues : onboarding avec ta promo, rituels d’équipe, offsite...\nPrise en charge de 4 séances/an sur moka.care\nUn parrain ou marraine référent(e) pour te permettre de t’intégrer et de t’épanouir chez Pretto\n\\uD83E\\uDD1D Notre processus de recrutement\nUn entretien d'une heure en visio avec Charles ou Lorane - Team Talent Acquisition\nPuis un entretien en visio avec Hélène, Head of Sales du bureau Full-remote, à la suite duquel nous te demanderons de nous communiquer une prise de référence\nUn dernier échange en visio avec Pierre, CEO de Pretto\nFélicitations, nous te rappelons pour te faire une offre \\uD83E\\uDD73\nBienvenue chez nous ! \\uD83C\\uDF89\nNous nous engageons pour l'égalité d'accès à l'emploi, l'inclusion et la diversité au sein des équipes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=917e001eb280cbb0","title":"Commercial Operations Manager","company":"Fluke Health Solutions","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=917e001eb280cbb0","description":"Mission / Why this role exists\n\nDrive commercial excellence and operational discipline across our international business so revenue grows predictably, margins expand, and customers experience world-class service. You will be the connective tissue between Sales, Operations, Finance/Tax, and Product: building standard work, deploying KPIs/visual management, and leading continuous improvement (FBS) to deliver results.\n\nKey outcomes (first 12 months)\n\nForecast accuracy: establish a monthly revenue forecasting cadence with Sales & Finance; achieve ±5–7% accuracy.\nMargin & pricing discipline: improve OP% via product cost transparency and transfer-pricing guardrails; deliver +100–200 bps gross margin on target lines.\nKPI system live: deploy a tiered KPI/visual management system (site/region/rep) with weekly review rhythm and corrective action tracking.\nSales compensation: design and launch variable comp plans for international subsidiaries aligned to revenue/margin and compliant with local requirements.\nChannel performance: implement Quarterly Business Reviews (QBRs) with partners; lift productivity on lagging channels with clear action plans.\nNPI readiness: formalize the commercial playbook for new product introductions (quoting, pricing, training, stocking, service).\n\nWhat you’ll do\n\nCommercial excellence & operating rhythm\n\nPartner with Operations to remove waste and unlock throughput; improve profitability to meet/beat organizational OP% targets.\nStand up KPIs & visual management (tiered boards, bowler charts, daily/weekly reviews); align definitions with leaders and audit sustainment.\nLead cross-functional problem solving (A3s, kaizen) using FBS.\n\nPricing, margins & finance alignment\n\nWork with Finance, Operations, and Tax to ensure accurate product costs and margins; set appropriate transfer pricing for international JVs/subsidiaries.\nBuild pricing guardrails and approval workflows; monitor mix and discount leakage.\n\nSales compensation & enablement\n\nDesign variable sales compensation plans across international entities (roles, weights, mechanics, caps/floors); model cost/impact and ensure compliance.\n\nForecasting, S&OP, and demand\n\nCo-own the monthly revenue forecast with local Sales; submit to Sales/Finance; drive continuous improvement to accuracy and cycle time.\n\nChannel & customer experience\n\nRun QBRs with channel partners; reassess internal standard work and partner scorecards.\nNurture a service culture using Voice-of-the-Customer; convert feedback into quality and process improvements.\n\nNew product introduction (NPI)\n\nPartner with Product Management & Operations to ensure commercial readiness (pricing, SKU setup, contracts, training, launch metrics).\n\nPlanning & governance\n\nDevelop and administer budgets, plans, and performance goals across SQDC (Safety, Quality, Delivery, Cost).\nEnsure adherence to applicable healthcare compliance and data-privacy requirements.\n\nQualifications\n\nRequired\n\n5+ years in commercial operations, sales, marketing, or a commercial support function - ideally in hospital/healthcare or medical devices.\nBachelor’s in physics, engineering, finance, or other technical discipline.\nProven track record building standard work and leading continuous improvement (FBS/Lean/Kaizen).\nDemonstrated impact on revenue growth and operating profit; strong financial acumen (P&L, margin, pricing).\nAdvanced analytics & KPI capability; able to design metrics that drive behavior and outcomes.\nExcellent problem-solving and decision-making; comfortable testing hypotheses and applying findings.\nOutstanding communication (written/presentations) and stakeholder leadership across functions and geographies.\n\nPreferred\n\nMBA or Master’s in Business/Operations Management.\nExperience with international subsidiaries, transfer pricing, and sales comp across multiple countries.\nFamiliarity with CRM and commercial tooling; advanced Excel/PowerPoint (Power BI/Tableau a plus).\n\nTechnical\n\nProficiency with MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and CRM platforms; comfort with data analysis and dashboarding.\n\nLeadership competencies (Fortive anchors)\n\nCustomer focus & selling orientation; turns VOC into action.\nContinuous improvement mindset; builds and sustains standard work.\nAnalytical rigor; data-driven and outcome-oriented.\nInfluence & collaboration; aligns diverse stakeholders without authority.\nHands-on bias to action; “get it done” execution with high standards.\nLearning agility; challenges conventions and incubates new ideas.\n\nLogistics\n\nTravel: ~15% (customers, channels, sites, launches).\nLocation: Remote.\n\nWhy this role?\n\nYou’ll sit at the center of growth, margin, and customer experience, translating strategy into standard work, and standard work into measurable results. If you love building systems that scale, and you thrive where Sales, Ops, Finance, and Product intersect, this is your next step.\n\nReady to raise the bar on commercial execution? Apply now.\nDue to the international character of our hiring team, we kindly ask you to apply in English.\n\nFortive Corporation Overview\n\nFortive’s essential technology makes the world safer and more productive. We accelerate transformation in high-impact fields like workplace safety, build environments, and healthcare.\n\nWe are a global industrial technology innovator with a startup spirit. Our forward-looking companies lead the way in healthcare sterilization, industrial safety, predictive maintenance, and other mission-critical solutions. We’re a force for progress, working alongside our customers and partners to solve challenges on a global scale, from workplace safety in the most demanding conditions to advanced technologies that help providers focus on exceptional patient care.\n\nWe are a diverse team 10,000 strong, united by a dynamic, inclusive culture and energized by limitless learning and growth. We use the proven Fortive Business System (FBS) to accelerate our positive impact.\n\nAt Fortive, we believe in you. We believe in your potential—your ability to learn, grow, and make a difference.\n\nAt Fortive, we believe in us. We believe in the power of people working together to solve problems no one could solve alone.\n\nAt Fortive, we believe in growth. We’re honest about what’s working and what isn’t, and we never stop improving and innovating.\n\nFortive: For you, for us, for growth.\n\nAbout Fluke Health Solutions\n\nComprised of four industry leaders—Fluke Biomedical, LANDAUER, RaySafe, and Victoreen — Fluke Health Solutions (FHS) leads the biomedical and radiation detection markets with innovative products and services that help keep customers, patients, and clients safe. Fluke Biomedical leads the world in manufacturing biomedical test equipment like defibrillator analyzers and digital pressure meters. LANDAUER measures radiation exposure with dosimeter and radiation monitoring badges. RaySafe is the worldwide leader of X-ray test equipment, real-time staff dosimetry, and radiation survey meters. And Victoreen instruments are the trusted source for radiation monitoring systems and quality assurance for nuclear power professionals. At FHS, we believe in your potential — your ability to learn, grow and contribute in meaningful ways. And we believe in giving you the opportunity, accountability, and visibility to do just that.\n\nWe Are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Fortive Corporation and all Fortive Companies are proud to be equal opportunity employers. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or other characteristics protected by law. Fortive and all Fortive Companies are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Individuals who need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment application process, please contact us at applyassistance@fortive.com.\n\nBonus or Equity\nThis position is also eligible for bonus as part of the total compensation package.\n\nComprised of four industry leaders—Fluke Biomedical, LANDAUER, RaySafe, and Victoreen — Fluke Health Solutions (FHS) leads the biomedical and radiation detection markets with innovative products and services that help keep customers, patients, and clients safe. Fluke Biomedical leads the world in manufacturing biomedical test equipment like defibrillator analyzers and digital pressure meters. LANDAUER measures radiation exposure with dosimeter and radiation monitoring badges. RaySafe is the worldwide leader of X-ray test equipment, real-time staff dosimetry, and radiation survey meters. And Victoreen instruments are the trusted source for radiation monitoring systems and quality assurance for nuclear power professionals. At FHS, we believe in your potential — your ability to learn, grow and contribute in meaningful ways. And we believe in giving you the opportunity, accountability, and visibility to do just that.\n\nWe Are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Fortive Corporation and all Fortive Companies are proud to be equal opportunity employers. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or other characteristics protected by law. Fortive and all Fortive Companies are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Individuals who need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment application process, please contact us at applyassistance@fortive.com.\n\nNoneThis position is also eligible for bonus as part of the total compensation package."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96a010fcb0a71221","title":"Client Success Partner - Mid Market","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96a010fcb0a71221","description":"As a Client Success Partner (CSP), you will support our clients in their digital training strategy through the 360Learning platform. You will be responsible for:\n\n- Ensuring the renewal of contracts by coordinating the different resources (technical, educational, etc.) made available\n- Ensuring the business impact of our solution in accordance with the objectives set by our clients\n- Ensuring the renewal or signing of new contracts for accounts listed in your portfolio\n- Last but not least, managing a portfolio of clients in a high-touch and low-touch mode\n\nYour role plays a key part in the customer success team, you are responsible for the development of the relationship with your clients.\nWithin one month, you will:\nMaster our product and Convexity corporate culture\nFamiliarize yourself with the processes and tools used by our Client Success Partner (CSP) team\nParticipate in your first customer meetings with other CSPs from the team\nWithin three months, you will:\nTake over a portfolio of existing customers\nStart new projects with prospects and clients\nWithin six months you will:\nDefine the learning transformation roadmap with the client and identify the resources needed to achieve them\nDefine a retro-planning of the initiatives on the solution and vouch for it\nIdentify and document customer use-cases\nDevelop a relationship of trust between the client and 360Learning, particularly by having direct contact with top management teams\nWork with the Account Managers to identify new project opportunities to develop the account\n\nWithin twelve months, you will:\nReduce churn by identifying customers at risk and implementing a remedial action plan\nIdentify strong leaders within the client’s team\nDevelop and share good business practices with the entire Client Success team\nThe Skills Set\nFirst experience in a Client Success Partner or Customer Success Manager position (1-2 years)\nExperience of delivering a business review, managing warning situations and onboarding clients\nPrevious experience in the SaaS B2B industry is a plus\nKeen interest for the digital industry, education and e-learning in particular\nAbility to interpret data and identify trends\nExcellent interpersonal and communication skills\nFluent French, and excellent English proficiency (B2 minimum)\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L & find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC ‍\nThe Interview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with a Client Success Partner from the team\nCase Study with a Client Success Partner and Head of Customer Success\nClarification Meeting with a Customer Success Coach\nCulture Fit Meeting with our Director of Customer Success\nOffer !\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96a11d53d97cc24c","title":"Business Developer Indépendant (H/F)","company":"MIIZY","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=96a11d53d97cc24c","description":"*Rejoignez Miizy : devenez Commercial(e) Indépendant(e) BtoB dans l’Immobilier Neuf*\n\n*Poste : Commercial(e) Indépendant(e) BtoB*\n\n*Statut* : Freelance / Agent commercial indépendant\n\n*Zone* : France entière – Télétravail\n\n*Secteur* : Immobilier neuf – SaaS immobilier\n\n*Rémunération* : Commissions motivantes sur ventes de solutions payantes (API & options)\n\n*Qui sommes-nous ?*\n\n*Miizy* est une solution SaaS unique dédiée aux professionnels de l’immobilier neuf : agences, CGP, mandataires, réseaux, etc.\n\nNous leur offrons un accès *gratuit* à un outil complet : marque blanche, multi-comptes, stock neuf en back, CRM intégré,… et proposons *des options avancées (API, multipublications, site vitrine, etc.)* pour les structures plus exigeantes.\n\nNotre mission : *simplifier, automatiser et moderniser la commercialisation de l’immobilier neuf*, grâce à une solution simple, performante, et adaptée à tous les profils.\n\n*Votre mission*\n\nEn tant que commercial(e) indépendant(e), vous serez le *relais terrain ou digital* de Miizy auprès de professionnels de l’immobilier.\n\nVos objectifs :\n\n* *Prospecter des clients BtoB* : agences immobilières, indépendants, CGP, réseaux…\n* Leur présenter la *version gratuite* de Miizy et les *accompagner à la création de leur compte*\n* Comprendre leurs besoins, détecter les clients à potentiel, et *vendre les options payantes* (API, CRM avancé, site en marque blanche, publication massive, etc.)\n* Fidéliser vos comptes pour générer des *revenus récurrents* et durables\n\n*Vos outils à disposition*\n\n* Accès démo à la plateforme Miizy\n* Arguments commerciaux orientés bénéfices et retour sur investissement\n* CRM interne pour suivi de vos prospects\n* Accompagnement à la vente (onboarding client, support technique, SAV)\n* Formation à l’outil et au discours commercial\n\n*Ce que nous vous offrons*\n\n* *Commissions attractives* sur les ventes d’options payantes et d’abonnements API\n* *Liberté totale* : vous gérez votre emploi du temps et votre prospection\n* *Produit freemium très facile à vendre* : l’inscription est gratuite et sans engagement\n* *Marché porteur* : digitalisation croissante des pros de l’immobilier\n* *Montée en gamme naturelle* : Miizy répond aussi bien aux indépendants qu’aux grands comptes\n* *Soutien marketing et support* technique pour vos clients\n\n*Profil recherché*\n\n* Expérience souhaitée dans la *vente BtoB*, idéalement dans le secteur immobilier, logiciel ou services aux entreprises\n* Excellente communication, capacité à convaincre et à valoriser un outil digital\n* Autonomie, rigueur, esprit entrepreneurial\n* Statut d’indépendant (micro-entreprise, SASU, agent commercial…)\n\n*Pourquoi c’est le bon moment*\n\n* Le marché de l’immobilier neuf se restructure : les pros cherchent des *outils rentables et simples*\n* Miizy propose une *vraie alternative* aux solutions lourdes et coûteuses du marché\n* Les leads sont faciles à ouvrir grâce au *freemium*\n* Vous touchez vos *commissions sur chaque conversion vers l’offre payante* (à définir selon grille interne)\n\n*Envie de rejoindre l’aventure Miizy ?*\n\nContactez-nous dès aujourd’hui à *contact@miizy.com*\n\nPlus d’infos sur : *www.miizy.com*\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 30 000,00€ à 100 000,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Flextime\n* Travail à domicile occasionnel\n\n\n\nFormation:\n* Bac +2 (BTS, DUT, DEUG) (Optionnel)\n\nExpérience:\n* Business Development: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail\n\n\nDate de début prévue : 01/10/2025"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=97fca7d146553df0","title":"Product Manager – Platform Security & Compliance","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=97fca7d146553df0","description":"About Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we’ve grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we rock with over 200 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels, Singapore and Paris, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks as well as digital asset management. Keyrock is looking to expand and establish itself as a full-service financial institution through both organic innovation and inorganic growth.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We’re pioneers in adopting the Rust Development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry’s progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we’re not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We’re actively building it.\n\nThe Mission\n\nWe are seeking a Product Manager to drive the evolution of our platform's Security and Compliance foundation, reporting to the Head of Product.\n\nThis is a high-impact, internal-facing role focused on platform services that enable Keyrock to scale securely and compliantly. You will lead product vision and continuous discovery, empowering engineering and delivery teams by ensuring problems are well-defined, opportunities explored, assumptions challenged, and solutions validated in production. Continuous discovery is central to our process, making tools like Opportunity-Solution Trees (OSTs) and User Story Mapping (USMs) your way to map complexity and value in a mission-critical domain.\n\nKey Outcomes\n\nA successful candidate will be measured by their ability to deliver tangible impact across these critical areas within the first 12 months:\n\nElevate our Security Posture: Define, prioritize, and drive the adoption of platform security and compliance initiatives required to meet critical regulatory frameworks, including DORA and MiCA, significantly reducing systemic and operational risk.\n\nLead Continuous Discovery: Systematically frame problems, map opportunities, and challenge assumptionsby designing and executing rapid, focused experiments to validate security, compliance, and risk product ideas before committing to large-scale investment.\n\nAccelerate Time-to-Value: Ensure validated security and compliance solutions move efficiently from concept to production, focusing on delivering tangible impact and continuous, incremental iteration over monolithic, slow-moving releases.\n\nCapabilities (What You Bring)\nEssential\n\nContinuous Discovery Expert: Proven ability to apply structured discovery frameworks (Opportunity Solution Trees, User Story Maps, or similar) to complex, internal platform challenges to drive measurable outcomes.\n\nDomain Expertise & Fluency: Strong background in internal platform architecture, specifically relating to data governance, back-office processes, compliance, and security principles.\n\nTechnical Rigor: Ability to understand technical complexity (APIs, data schemas, infrastructure) and guide technical decisions, ensuring security and compliance requirements are baked into the system design, not bolted on.\n\nEmpowerment and Alignment: Proven ability to manage diverse stakeholders (Engineering, Risk, Legal, Operations) and empower development teams by defining a clear 'what' and 'why' while maintaining cross-team alignment.\n\n5+ years in a product, data, or technical role with strong exposure to internal systems or platforms.\n\nBeneficial\n\nData & Workflow Mastery: Experience with data flow mapping, governance, and structure within complex financial or trading environments.\n\nIterative Compliance: Practical understanding of how to interpret and translate complex compliance requirements into small, iterative technical stories and features that minimize friction for developers and users.\n\nExposure to cloud infrastructure, CI/CD, or specialized data engineering principles.\n\nWhy Join\n\nImpact: Shape a critical slice of Keyrock’s platform, with direct influence on security, compliance, and enterprise scalability.\n\nInnovation: Be at the forefront of the financial and technical innovation shaping the future of digital assets in a regulated environment.\n\nCulture: High autonomy, strong collaboration, and exposure to complex, challenging problems daily.\n\nFlexibility: Remote-friendly, flexible setup, and competitive package.\n\nNext Steps\n\nIf you are an outcome-driven Product Manager who thrives at the intersection of security, compliance, and internal platform scale, we encourage you to apply."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=99e63becae4b3038","title":"Head of Growth (remote)","company":"Licorne Society","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=99e63becae4b3038","description":"Licorne Society a été missionné par une startup Gaming en pleine croissance pour les aider à trouver leur Head of Growth\n\nLocation: 100% remote from EU/US\n\nSalary range: 50k - 95k EUR , 0.25% to 1% Equity\n\nAbout the company\n\nThey are building the ultimate platform for the Trading Card Game (TCG) community. Designed for players, collectors, investors, and game stores, we simplify collection management, provide real-time market insights, and streamline trading through smart matching technology.\n\nRole Overview\n\nAs Head of Growth, you’ll define and execute the marketing strategy that propels us to become the go-to platform for the Trading Card Game (TCG) community. As a core member of the leadership team, you’ll lead efforts to grow our user base, strengthen our brand, and establish the company as a trusted name among players, collectors, and investors. This is an opportunity to take ownership of a high-growth strategy and help shape the future of an $15B market.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nDevelop and Execute Growth Strategy : Own the full growth funnel (AARR) by driving user acquisition, activation, retention, and revenue growth through multi-channel strategies.\nRetention & Lifecycle Marketing : Build and optimize retention channels, with a strong focus on CRM, marketing automation, and lifecycle campaigns to maximize engagement and LTV.\nBuild Brand Authority : Establish the company as the leader in the TCG space through compelling storytelling, community engagement, and thought leadership.\nCommunity-Driven Growth : Foster relationships with influencers, competitive players, collectors, and investors to cultivate an active, loyal community.\nDigital and Performance Marketing : Scale growth through digital campaigns, SEO, SEM, social media, and partnerships to maximize reach and ROI.\nData-Driven Insights : Leverage analytics to understand user behavior, optimize campaigns, and guide strategic decisions.\nPartnership Development : Forge partnerships with key TCG publishers, retailers, and content creators to expand our reach and ecosystem.\nProduct Marketing : Collaborate with the product team to define and communicate the value proposition of our features to users.\nLeadership : Build and lead a high-performing marketing team, mentoring talent and fostering a culture of creativity, accountability, and hands-on execution.\n\nWhat You Bring\n\nCore Skills:\n\nProven experience as a senior growth leader in a high-growth startup, marketplace, or gaming company, with ownership over the AARR funnel.\nStrong expertise in retention marketing , including CRM, marketing automation, and lifecycle marketing.\nHands-on, execution-oriented mindset—comfortable rolling up your sleeves to implement and iterate quickly.\nFamiliarity with gaming or collectible markets , with a passion for building communities around shared interests.\nDeep understanding of growth marketing , with a track record of scaling user bases through both organic and paid channels.\nStrong command of branding, storytelling, and community engagement , especially in niche or enthusiast markets.\nDemonstrated success in building and leading marketing teams in fast-paced environments.\nData-driven mindset with proficiency in analytics tools and the ability to turn insights into action.\n\nBonus Points:\n\nKnowledge of the TCG ecosystem and its unique audience (players, collectors, investors).\nExperience in product marketing for platforms with diverse user bases.\nA network of freelancers and agencies for fast, plug-and-play execution.\nEstablished relationships in gaming, content creation, or related industries.\n\nWhat We Offer\n\nFully Remote Work : Enjoy the freedom to work from anywhere with flexible hours that fit your lifestyle.\nCompetitive Compensation : We offer a competitive salary that reflects your skills, expertise, and contributions.\nOwnership Opportunities : Access early equity as a core team member, shaping the future of CardNexus.\nProfessional Growth : Collaborate with a passionate team of TCG enthusiasts and tech experts to tackle cutting-edge challenges.\nInnovative Culture : Join a gamer-centric environment that celebrates creativity, gaming, and technology.\nImpactful Work : Play a key role in transforming the $15B TCG market with tools that truly make a difference for the community."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9a1470361dd3aba4","title":"Orchestration Platform Engineer","company":"Brevo","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9a1470361dd3aba4","description":"At Brevo, we’re not just building a CRM. With our technology, we’re helping millions of organizations build lasting relationships with their customers.\n\nFrom emails and SMS to WhatsApp, Chat, and Marketing Automation, our tools are intuitive, powerful, and built to scale with every ambition. We give businesses a clear view of the customer journey, so they can focus on what matters: connection.\n\nAs a certified B Corp, we’re proud to grow with purpose, committed to high standards of social and environmental impact, not just performance.\n\nToday, more than 500,000 businesses across 180 countries—from NGOs like Amnesty International to global brands like Carrefour, eBay, Louis Vuitton, and Michelin—trust Brevo to engage their audiences, cut through complexity, and deliver results. Our reliable technology and 75+ integrations help them create unparalleled customer experiences, without the usual tech headaches.\n\nIn 2024, we reached €179M ARR with nearly 1,000 team members worldwide. And we’re just getting started!\n\nJoin us as an Orchestration Platform Engineer in our dynamic Platform team. The ideal candidate will have strong expertise in designing, developing, and maintaining infrastructures focusing on Containers, Kubernetes and CI/CD. You will be crucial in managing our Platform architecture with a reliable and cost-effective approach to host our orchestration components used by all workloads at Brevo, mostly running on OVH and GCP.\n\nTake a look at our office here!\nYour Impact at Brevo:\nArchitect, build and maintain scalable and efficient container platforms using RKE2 and GKE, orchestration tooling to automate CI/CD, deployment and remediation using Terraform, Ansible, Github CI, Jenkins and Atlantis.\nMonitor and optimize the performance to ensure high availability and reliability using Datadog, Fluentd and Grafana.\nContribute to the mentorship, the internal product roadmap definition, the backlog refinement, architecture and implementation review inside the Orchestration team.\nManage and maintain capacity planning for the production grade orchestration chain\nWork as a cornerstone between other Platform teams and other divisions to understand hosting requirements and deliver solutions that meet business needs.\nImplement automation for deployment pipelines to improve efficiency and reduce manual intervention.\nDiagnose and resolve orchestration issues, ensuring minimal disruption to services.\nMaintain comprehensive documentation of architecture, processes, and procedures.\nWho you are:\nInstallation, setup & configuration of high availability, secure, and resilient hosting facilities in production environments 24/7.\nStrong experience in Orchestration products (installation, configuration, performance tuning, and monitoring.)\nProficient with Kubernetes administration with RKE2 and/or GKE and deployment templating with helm or/and Kustomize.\nProficient with CI/CD pipelines for both Platform and Developers needs like ArgoCD, Flux, Argo Workflow.\nExperience in virtualization engines such as Harvester, Kubevirt, Openstack.\nExperience in scripting languages such as Python, Bash, or similar for automation tasks.\nExperience in hybrid, on-premise and/or cloud-based architectures and services.\nExperience in building a Platform as an internal Product.\nExperience with networks like CNI, raw backbone, interconnectivity and BGP. Experience with FinOps practice.\nIf you don’t meet all the requirements below but believe this opportunity matches your expectations and experience, we still encourage you to apply!\nWhy people love working at Brevo:\nA place to grow, together : Join an international team in a bright, collaborative office located in a vibrant neighbourhood.\nPractical perks for everyday balance: RTT days off, 50% public transport reimbursement, Sustainable Mobility Package (whether you ride a classic bike or go electric, we support your choice to commute greener) and daily Swile meal vouchers (€12.50/day).\nLearning, every step of the way: Access to English classes and 155,000+ courses on Udemy, plus a strong internal culture of knowledge-sharing and support.\nFlexible for life : A remote-friendly setup, budget to support your home workspace, and relocation assistance for international talents.\nWellbeing that works : Top-notch private healthcare (70% covered), 6-week second-parent leave, extra time off if your child is sick and needs you, and Several services related to prevention, health and personal and professional well-being on Welii platform\nA culture that cares : From inter-office trips to regular team events, there are plenty of ways to connect beyond your day-to-day. You’ll also find active social, green, and LGBTQIA+ communities, plus Work Council benefits via Leeto, all here to support what matters to you, inside and outside of work.\nOur candidate journey:\nIntroductory call with the HR Team\nCase study step\nAn interview with the Team Lead\nA fourth interview with the Head of the Department\nWhoever you are, wherever you’re from, if this role speaks to you, we’d love to hear from you.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9bee9dd8093b1e37","title":"Conseiller commercial Freelance","company":"Achetons Groupé","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"21 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9bee9dd8093b1e37","description":"*Présentation d'Emendi Groupe*\n\nEmendi Groupe accompagne les consommateurs dans leurs achats éco-responsables, en organisant notamment des achats groupés. Sous ses marques Pellet Eco (comparateur d'offres de pellets) et Achetons Groupé (organisateur d'achats groupés à impact avec des collectivités), Emendi a toujours le même ADN pour ses membres : leur permettre de faire des économies durables.\n\n*Présentation du besoin*\n\nNous recherchons un(e) Conseiller Commercial ou Conseillère Commerciale, en freelance ou en stage et 100% en distanciel. Son rôle sera d'accompagner l'ensemble de nos prospects et clients, via nos différents canaux, notamment chat, mails et téléphone.\nDans ce rôle, vous serez essentiel(le) pour aider à développer notre communauté de clients et nos ventes, pour assurer la croissance de l'entreprise. Le poste est évolutif selon profil, avec de la recherche de partenariats ou de la production de contenus.\n\n*Détails des missions*\n\n* Appels sortants : appeler des bases de données qualifiées pour accompagner les prospects et leur proposer nos produits. De la vente dans les règles de l'art, auprès de prospects ayant manifesté un intérêt (pas d'appels de listes achetées)\n* Appels entrants : réponses aux demandes et orientation des clients\n* Mails : réponses aux demandes entrantes par mail\n* Chat et SMS : réponses aux demandes\n* Documentation de l'ensemble des actions via le CRM\n\n*Profil recherché*\n\n* Excellente aisance à l'oral comme à l'écrit, avec une expression française parfaite\n* Compréhension des besoins et capacité de lead de l'appel jusqu'à la vente\n* Allier qualité et performance : l'objectif phare est de réaliser des ventes\n* Capacité à travailler de manière autonome et efficace\n* Capacité d'auto-formation et d'évolution sur les produits vendus et l'univers\n* Capacité d'amélioration continue : remonter les différents cas rencontrés pour améliorer la communication et les outils mis à disposition des clients\n* A l'aise avec les outils digitaux (téléphonie, mails, CRM sont vos outils quotidiens)\n* Bonne logique, capacité de prise de recul et de réflexion\n\n*Avantages *\n\n* Un variable pour chaque vente réalisée\n* Des produits très sympas et des clients très agréables\n* Cadre et horaires de travail flexibles : vous travaillez où vous voulez\n* Travail à distance avec une équipe sympathique\n* Possibilités d'évolution du poste selon performances et qualité\n\nLe projet vous parle et vous motive ? Rejoignez-nous pour contribuer à un avenir plus durable et participer au développement d'un projet qui a du sens !\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, Temps partiel\nStatut : Cadre\n\nRémunération : 1 000,00€ à 4 000,00€ par mois\n\nAvantages :\n* Horaires flexibles\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9bf5941ff49ba968","title":"Customer Success Operations Manager","company":"Jiko","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9bf5941ff49ba968","description":"About Jiko\n\nIn an era of financial uncertainty, safeguarding corporate cash is more critical than ever. Jiko is designed for unmatched safety, liquidity, and simplicity — combining the innovation of a technology platform with the security of a regulated bank. By reinventing the traditional deposit model, Jiko offers Jiko Pockets—a seamless solution that combines the transactional ease of a bank account with fully automated investments in U.S. Treasury bills. Now, with JikoNet, institutions can securely move funds 24/7 across industries while keeping assets continuously invested and protected. Finance leaders can access Jiko Pockets and JikoNet through Jiko’s online dashboard, secure APIs, and integrations with leading Treasury Management partners.\n\nPosition Overview\n\nJoining Jiko’s Customer Success team as Customer Success Operations Manager, you’ll contribute to the build out of a world-class global Customer Success and Support organization that drives business growth and delivers an exceptional customer experience. This role reports to the Director of Customer Success.\n\nYou’ll thrive in this role if you enjoy collaborating to build functions and processes that deliver for both the business and customers.\n\nWe’re looking for a passionate individual who wants to grow with the company. The ideal candidates thrive on working in a fast-paced environment, look for efficiency in everything they do, always set high standards for themselves as well as their teammates, and like to have fun at work!\n\nWhat you will be doing\n\nPartner with the Director of Customer Success to establish key procedures and processes for the Customer Success and Support functions at Jiko\nOwn and execute the operating rhythm for Customer Success and Support, including customer onboarding\nCollaborate with partners and stakeholders in Product, Engineering, Operations, Sales and Compliance to establish key customer feedback loops and help to drive prioritization of enhancements and new feature requests on the roadmap\nAct as subject matter expert and solution consultant on key customer and partner integrations and implementations\nServe as key customer point of contact alongside Operations and Engineering for the early US ET morning window, especially coordinating cross-functionally on urgent and important items\n\nWhat experience you should have\n\n7–10+ years of professional experience, including 2+ years managing direct reports.\nProven background in Customer Success Operations, Customer Experience, and Customer Success or Support.\nEnglish fluency with exceptional communication skills and experience engaging sophisticated B2B and B2C customers.\nStrong collaboration with Product and Engineering, with knowledge of best practices across both functions.\nExperience with U.S. financial institutions and regulatory environments (FINRA broker-dealer, KYB/KYC, BSA, Reg E, fraud mitigation).\nHighly diligent, detail-oriented, and process-driven, with expertise in documentation and a passion for execution excellence.\n\nWhat we offer\n\nOpportunity to grow within a high-potential startup\nA collaborative, international and mission-driven team\nModern tech stack and agile ways of working\nJiko has a hybrid schedule in its San Francisco and Iceland offices (2 days in the office), and remote for other locations.\nCompensation offered will depend on several factors including but not limited to: geographic location, work experience, education, skill level, and/or other business and organizational needs.\n\nAdditional Information\n\nJiko is working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Jiko is a proud equal-opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently and fairly. We provide an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9dc2fc8f5ff66648","title":"Learning Consultant","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"20 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9dc2fc8f5ff66648","description":"Our Learning Consultant team plays a vital role in helping clients transform into true Collaborative Learning organizations. We don’t just teach customers how to use our platform: we partner with them to reshape the way corporate learning is designed, delivered, and scaled.\n\nAs a Learning Consultant, you’ll help customers maximize their collaborative learning platform through content strategy, adoption, and best practices. Partnering with Solution Deployment Managers during the onboarding, you’ll lead workshops and consulting projects. Beyond onboarding, you’ll guide solution add-ons to drive smooth launches, strong engagement, and lasting impact; empowering clients to build sustainable learning success.\n\nYour impact will be evaluated through customer satisfaction and feedback, achievement of project milestones and deadlines, and long-term client retention and adoption of our solutions.\nWithin 1 month, you will:\nComplete our onboarding program and become proficient in the tools that drive our projects.(Trello, Salesforce, Monday.com) and our Convexity culture\nGain a strong understanding of how the Business Team (Customer Success team and Professional Services team) collaborates to ensure customer success\nDeeply learn our product and service offerings, enabling you to speak confidently with customers\nConnect with colleagues worldwide through virtual coffee chats and team-building activities\nShadow ongoing projects to observe best practices and understand our consulting approach\nWithin 3 months, you will:\nHost your first customer workshops and receive constructive feedback from peers to sharpen your delivery skills\nBegin managing your first implementation and consulting projects, taking ownership with the support of your coach\nDefine your quarterly priorities in alignment with the Professional Services Team’s objectives\nContribute to our internal knowledge base in Confluence and Trello, sharing resources and insights that help the Learning Consultant (LC) team scale effectively\nWithin 6 months, you will:\nTake the lead on more complex workshops and consulting projects, demonstrating autonomy and expertise\nPrepare your first difficult or high-stakes workshops with Enterprise customers\nMaster advanced platform features and solutions to provide deeper value to customers\nParticipate in regular discovery sessions with Product Managers, sharing customer insights to shape future features\nSupport pre-sales activities for large prospects by showcasing the type of expert guidance LCs provide\n\nWithin 12 months, you will:\nDevelop scripts, frameworks, and educational resources for new services delivered by the LC team\nRepresent the team as a subject-matter expert by speaking at marketing webinars on digital learning\nMentor and onboard at least one new Learning Consultant, sharing your expertise to strengthen the team\nThe Skill Set\nProven experience (3+ years) in managing learning & development projects, leading client engagements, or a strong track record in client-facing roles within SaaS or customer success\nYou are recognized for your listening and teaching skills\nYou express your ideas in a clear and concise manner, both in writing and orally\nYou are proactive and prefer working in a strong results-oriented culture\nYou are curious and have a strong appetite for digital tools and processes\nYou are fluent in French and English (US/UK) / B2 level or equivalent and comfortable switching between them in professional contexts\nProficiency in German is a significant advantage\nEnthusiasm for our working environment explained here\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision what's it like to join 360Learning through our onboarding journey: https://360learning.com/blog/360learner-journey/ & Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L ‍\nThe Interview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with the LEC Coach\nCase Study Meeting with the LEC coach and a Learning Consultant\nClarification Meeting with the Head of Professional Services\nCulture Fit Meeting with our Senior Vice President Global Professional Services\nOffer !\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC\n\nWho We Are\n360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.\n\n360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.\n\nLearning Includes Everyone.\nIn concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a1ddf0c6c57d7539","title":"Customer Training Consultant - CTI - Woman / Man / Non Binary","company":"FILIGRAN","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a1ddf0c6c57d7539","description":"The Company\n\nFiligran, founded in October 2022, stands out in the cybertech ecosystem for its commitment to revolutionizing cyber threat management with a proactive approach. Its mission is to develop innovative open-source solutions designed to anticipate cyber threats, identify security gaps, and strengthen organizational security posture.\n\nFiligran solutions are now trusted by over 6,000 public and private organizations worldwide.\n\nThe Role\n\nWe’re looking for a Customer Training Consultant to join our Customer Success team and play a key role in designing and delivering our training programs.\n\nIn this role, you’ll focus on creating impactful learning experiences for our customers, developing training materials, and delivering both standard and tailored sessions. You’ll work closely with our Content Manager, Revenue, and Product teams to scale training initiatives and ensure customers can confidently and effectively use our platforms OpenCTI and OpenBAS.\n\nYour Responsibilities\n\nDesign and build a scalable library of training content (agendas, slide decks, demo datasets, hands-on workshops) for OpenCTI and OpenBAS.\n\nDeliver training sessions to customers (remotely and on-site).\n\nContinuously improve training content based on platform updates and feedback.\n\nDocument training delivery processes and propose scalable models for future services.\n\nDevelop learning paths and certification programs to support different user profiles and maturity levels.\n\nContribute to building a customer education strategy that scales with our growing community.\n\nWho You’ll Work With\n\nReporting to: Head of Customer Success\n\nCollaboration with: Content Manager, Revenue, and Product teams\n\nClose interactions with: Public and private sector customers globally, including cybersecurity and threat intel teams\n\nEnvironment: Fully remote, async-friendly, and collaborative\n\nProfile We’re Looking For\n\nProven experience in Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI), SOC, or adjacent cybersecurity roles\n\nStrong communication and presentation skills, ideally with experience in delivering training\n\nComfortable working in both strategic and technical contexts\n\nAutonomous, structured, and curious mindset\n\nFluent in English (French is a plus)\n\nBonus: Experience building training path and educational content in a tech/SaaS environment\n\nWhat We Offer\n\nA unique opportunity to build a function from scratch with direct impact on customer success\n\nA collaborative, open-source-driven culture with real-world mission impact\n\nFlexible work environment (fully remote)\n\nThe chance to work with major cybersecurity teams across the globe — public institutions, critical infrastructure, and strategic enterprises\n\nWhy Join Filigran? More than just a job.\n\nWe’re a fast-growing, global, and fully remote company on a mission to empower defense teams to be proactive — through open-source solutions that uncover threats and drive action.\n\nWhat we believe\n\nWe believe we do work that matters — uniting defenders into a global community to make security more open, resilient & collaborative.\n\nHow we work\n\nThat belief fuels how we work — with focus, clarity and high standards. Always with care and respect, never with ego.\n\nWhat guides us\n\nThat focus and care is grounded in our CORE values: Cohesion, Openness, Responsibility, and Equity — the compass that guides our decisions, collaborations, and growth, even when no one’s watching.\n\nCompensation & Benefits\n\nCompetitive pay + equity — everyone shares in our success\n\nRemote-first, flexible, and balanced — work that fits your life\n\nYour setup, your choice — pick the gear that works for you\n\nEqual Employment Opportunity\n\nWe enable cybersecurity through inclusion — from code to culture.\n\nAt Filigran, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe diversity of our people make our products and our team stronger. We welcome talent of every background, identity, and lived experience — regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.\n\nWhat matters here is what you bring — not what you look like, where you’re from, or how you identify.\n\nReady to Join Us?\n\nApply now and help us build the future of the cybersecurity ecosystem — together."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a376fceb6810fce9","title":"GTM Recruiter - Maternity Cover (6+6 Months Contract)","company":"Sysdig","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a376fceb6810fce9","description":"At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.\n\nWe created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.\n\nCulture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.\n\nIf you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.\nWhat you will do\nManage the end-to-end recruiting process for GTM (Sales, Customer Success, Marketing), and G&A roles — from intake meeting to close\nBe a true execution partner to hiring managers: building role scorecards, aligning on sourcing profiles, and delivering qualified candidates\nGuide hands-on sourcing and prospecting efforts across platforms like GitHub, Stack Overflow, LinkedIn Recruiter, SeekOut, AmazingHiring, HireEZ and more\nCraft tailored outreach messages, build talent maps, talent insights and own top-of-funnel activity for hard-to-fill GTM business-critical roles\nUse Lever (ATS) to maintain clean, data and produce weekly reporting on pipeline health and funnel metrics\nCoordinate candidate touch points across multiple roles and locations\nWhat you will bring with you\n7+ years of in-house, full-cycle recruiting experience — with recent hands-on focus across GTM, within the cybersecurity SaaS domain\nDeep fluency in modern sourcing techniques and platforms (e.g. GitHub, Stack Overflow, SeekOut, LinkedIn Recruiter, Dev.to, HireEZ)\nComfortable operating without recruiting sourcing support\nHands-on ATS experience (Lever preferred) and high standards for data hygiene and process consistency\nCollaborate with different team with urgency and autonomy\nWhat we look for\nA tactical senior recruiter who excels in GTM hiring\nYou're comfortable building high quality ongoing pipelines for Sales Engineers, Account Executives, Channel Managers, SDRs, LDRs and Customer Success Engineers\nYou enjoy working on your own pipeline, without a sourcer\nYou're a strong communicator who keeps hiring managers and candidates updated\nYou take pride in filling hard roles with speed, and quality\nWe would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.\n\nSome of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.\n\nSysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.\n\n#LI-MC1\n#LI-Remote\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a3ab72a95e56ea9a","title":"Solution Deployment Manager","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 years ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a3ab72a95e56ea9a","description":"As our Solution Deployment Manager, you are part of our Implementation team, which plays a key role in onboarding seamlessly new customers: they are working cross department (Sales, Product and Customer Success) to understand and document client use cases and requirements and then translate them into set up and configuration of the 360Learning platform.\n\nYou will manage all phases of the implementation lifecycle, from sales turnover and kick off to handover to support. You will drive project management, define 360Learning platform architecture for our clients, facilitate integrations (flat files, API’s) and 3rd party apps, guide and provide assistance in order to ensure the successful deployment of their platform.\n\nIn addition, you will follow your customers' portfolio along their contract to increase product adoption, as well as to deliver Solutions complementary to the Product like platform audits.\nWithin 1 month, you will:\nBecome a Trello expert through our onboarding process\nUnderstand our product offering through training\nMaster our platform and be able to support clients on basics requests through ticketing\nWithin 3 months, you will:\nStart to onboard your own new clients\nDrive project management in order to ensure successful platform deployment from Kick-off meeting, regular touchpoints until handover to support\nHost functional and technical workshops with clients to support them in their platform customization and structuring\nWithin 6 months, you will:\nSuccessfully ensure 360Learning platform deployment for new clients\nSuccessfully implement integration (SSO, third-party tools), deliver technical expertise on how to integrate their learning platform to their technical environment & troubleshooting\nBe able to pitch the value of the 360Learning platform\nDevelop repeatable and scalable processes to improve project quality and delivery\nSupport Strategic customers all along their contract from un expertise standpoint\nDeliver Professional Services to our existing customers base\nWithin 12 months, you will:\nOnboard another Solution Deployment Manager\nContribute to our knowledge base to share best practices and lessons learned\nWork with our partner ecosystem to strengthen the services proposed to our clients\nDeliver platform audits to clients\nDeliver professional services proposed in our Professional Service catalogue\nThe Skills Set\nMinimum 3 years experience in a similar, preferably customer facing role (Technical Consultant, Technical Account Manager, Implementation Project Manager or Pre-sales Consultant)\nPrevious deployment experience of SaaS products, ideally HR related\nProject management skills\nUnderstanding and experience working with APIs, SSO configuration & troubleshooting\nSolution-oriented, client-first mindset in everything you do\nAbility to adapt to your audience, flexibility in tackling a conversation with highly technical stakeholders, and reducing complexity to more common terms with less technical stakeholders.\nOrganized, structured, rational, analytical, able to manage priorities across multiple customer implementations,\nNative French proficiency and very good English proficiency (level B2)\nEnthusiasm for our culture explained here\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision what's it like to join 360Learning through our onboarding journey: https://360learning.com/blog/360learner-journey/ & Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L ‍\nInterview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with Solution Deployment Manager Coach\nCase Study Meeting with 2 Solution Deployment Managers\nClarification Meeting with our Head of Professional Services\nCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Human Resources Officer\nOffer !\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC\nWho We Are\n360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.\n\n360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.\n\nLearning Includes Everyone.\nIn concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a430e167aa8ad29b","title":"Lead Integration Strategist - F/M","company":"Sparteo","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":\"Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a day ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a430e167aa8ad29b","description":"Sparteo is an independent suite of AI-powered advertising technologies built on sustainable, sovereign infrastructure.\n\nSince 2018, we’ve been reshaping programmatic advertising to make it faster, more transparent, and more profitable by building the most direct path between publishers and advertisers.\nBut we don't stop here: wherever attention lives, on the web, in apps, on CTV, and beyond, our mission is to monetize audiences, across every device. Our data-driven tech delivers 30% higher revenues for our clients on average than traditional solutions.\n\nOur Solutions:\n\n Actirise: the display tech designed for performance\n FastCMP: the consent management platform specifically designed for business purposes\n Meetscale: the most advanced SSP for Publishers and Ad Networks\n Viously: the ultimate all-in-one video tech solution\n Voxeus: the audio distribution and monetization technology\n\nBehind Sparteo’s growth is a team of 100+ talents across 11 countries, united by a shared ambition to redefine the future of digital advertising.\n\nOur dedication has placed Sparteo among the most dynamic tech players in Europe:\n\nFT1000 ranking – Among the fastest-growing European companies in 2024 & 2025\nThe Europas – Featured in the list of 100 hottest startups\nPixalate Ranking – #1 Web SSP in France with our Actirise solution, overtaking Google AdExchange\n\nThese milestones are just the result. What truly sets us apart is how we work: at Sparteo, we don’t settle, we act.\n\nWe are hungry: Always pushing for better, never settling for average.\nWe are data-obsessed: Facts guide us, not assumptions, not egos.\nWe think as one: Collective goals come before personal wins.\nWe trade off: We simplify, prioritize, and go for high-impact results.\nWe solve problems: We own challenges and turn ideas into action.\nWe say what we do: Radical transparency is how we grow, no fluff, no hiding\n\nDiscover our journey, products, and culture on our website\n\nYour Job\n\nWe are looking for an experienced and strategic leader to take the helm of our Integration Strategy team. This role is a unique blend of team management, client strategy, and data-driven analysis, focused on ensuring our clients have a seamless and successful onboarding experience.\n\nIf you excel at leading teams, telling stories with data, and optimizing processes—without the need for deep technical skills—this is the perfect opportunity for you.\n\nTo specify\n\nTeam Leadership & Management:\n\nLead, mentor, and grow a team of 4 to 5 Integration Strategists.\nOversee the team's day-to-day operations, ensuring a high standard of quality in all client interactions and analyses.\nConduct regular one-on-one meetings, provide continuous feedback, and manage the team's professional development.\n\nClient Onboarding & Strategy:\n\nAct as the primary representative of the integration team during the client onboarding phase. The onboarding process involves preparing the client after the sales phase and monitoring them for a 30-day trial period before handing them over to the CSM team.\nPersonally manage client calls for strategic accounts, acting as a key point of contact.\nDevelop and define strategic ad placement plans (plan de tag) for new clients to maximize their performance.\nPrepare and present data-driven analyses and performance reports to key clients, defending strategic recommendations.\n\nProcess & Performance Optimization:\n\nContinuously improve and document the team's processes to enhance efficiency and scalability.\nLead initiatives for continuous optimization within the team.\nCollaborate with other departments to ensure a smooth transition of clients from the sales phase through onboarding to the account management phase.\n\nYour profile for this job\n\nYou have proven experience in a senior or lead role, with a strong background in team management.\nYou possess excellent analytical skills, with the ability to interpret data and present compelling, data-driven arguments to clients.\nYour experience is similar to that of a Customer Success Manager (CSM), particularly with a focus on client onboarding and strategic account management.\nYou are proactive, take initiative, and are comfortable representing your team and the company with strategic clients.\nFluency in both French and English is mandatory to effectively manage strategic client accounts.\n\nImportant: This is a strategic and analytical role, not a technical one. No coding skills are required; the focus is on client service and data analysis.\n\nYour mind set to share our adventure\nYou want to make an impact and move things forward collectively. Does hearing phrases like \"Yes, but we've been doing it this way for years...\" make your hair stand on end? We feel the same way: progress is made by questioning what already exists.\nYou solve problems pragmatically and analytically.\n‍️ You're looking for a fast-moving environment where your agility will be an asset. The 80-20 (Pareto) principle holds no secrets for you.\nYour ability to listen encourages you to challenge and improve yourself on an ongoing basis.\n\nBenefits & Work Environment\nDynamic Remote Culture: At Sparteo, we embrace a flexible work environment that adapts to your lifestyle, allowing you to contribute from wherever you feel most productive, be it from home or our urban offices in Paris, Lille, or London.\nClose-knit Team: Be part of our dynamic and united team, where collaboration, innovation, and mutual support drive our collective success and create a thriving work environment.\nVibrant Social Events: Engage in regular social gatherings and company events that foster community and celebrate our milestones.\nRapid Growth: Experience the excitement of working with a company in rapid expansion mode, impacting the advertising technology landscape across Europe and beyond.\nTailored Support: We provide robust career development support, including training programs, career check-ins with HR, opportunities for internal mobility, and performance feedback sessions conducted quarterly or semi-annually, depending on your role.\nRTT Days: We support work-life balance with additional rest days (RTT), provided based on position and tenure, empowering you to recharge and enjoy life outside of work.\nComprehensive Health and pension plans: We provide a robust health benefits plan, ensuring you and your family are covered and cared for.\nAdditional Perks:\n️ Benefit from the Swile card for meals.\nPartial reimbursement of public transit passes.\n\nReady to join Team Sparteo? Send us your CV and continue the recruitment process!\n\nHere are the stages in our recruitment process\n\nDiscussions about your driving forces, your ambitions and our Sparteo mindset will be held with a member of our Talent Acquisition team.\n\nAnalytical and business logic tests\n\nDiscussions with one or more members of the Sparteo team, including your future manager\n\nTaking up references\n\nOur recruitment process is mainly conducted by videoconference; however, certain stages may require a face-to-face meeting."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a4cd19612009b43d","title":"Senior Accountant","company":"n8n","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a4cd19612009b43d","description":"The AI orchestration of your wildest imagination.\n\nn8n is the open AI workflow orchestration platform built for the new era of AI. We give technical teams the freedom of code with the speed of no-code, so they can automate faster, smarter, and without limits. Backed by a fiercely inventive community and 500+ builder-approved integrations, we’re changing the way people bring systems together and scale ideas for impact.\n\nSince our founding in 2019, we’ve grown into a diverse team of over 160 - working across Europe and the US, connected by a shared builder spirit and with our centre of gravity in Berlin. Along the way, we’ve:\n\nCultivated a community of more than 650,000 active developers and builders\n\nEarned 145k+ GitHub stars, making us one of the world’s Top 40 most popular projects\n\nBeen ranked as one of Europe’s most promising privately held SaaS startups (4th in Sifted’s 2025 B2B SaaS Rising 100)\n\nRaised $240m to date, from Sequoia’s first German seed to our recent $180m Series C - bringing us to a $2.5bn valuation\n\nAnd are grateful for our 94 eNPS score (most companies would call 70 excellent)\n\nThat’s the company we’ve built. Now we’d love to see what you can build. If you’re applying, try n8n out - whether you’re technical or not - and share a screenshot of your first workflow with us. The easiest place to start is here: app.n8n.cloud/register.\n\nWe’re in a defining moment of an incredible journey. Come and build with us.\n\nYour main goal will be to ensure accurate, timely, and scalable accounting operations that support n8n’s hyper-growth while improving financial compliance and decision-making.\n\nTo do so, here are your responsibilities:\n\nAccounting & Financial Reporting\n\nOrganize and execute preparatory bookkeeping for payables, receivables, and asset accounting\n\nCoordinate and own monthly closings and annual financial statements, with or without external tax office support\n\nPotentially insource accounting processes and implement efficient internal procedures\n\nInvoicing & Dunning\n\nPrepare and send accurate, sales-enabled customer invoices\n\nMonitor payment statuses and manage the dunning process\n\nReimbursements, Payroll & Payments\n\nReview and approve employee reimbursement requests\n\nCoordinate payroll with our external provider and internal People Ops\n\nPrepare and execute weekly payment runs\n\nStrategic Projects & Automation\n\nSet up and implement scalable accounting processes for international expansion\n\nAutomate finance and accounting workflows to enhance operational efficiency\n\nSupport documentation and continuous improvement of finance operations\n\nREQUIREMENTS\n\nMust-haves\n\nExperience in Accounting: You bring 5+ years in accounting, including 3+ years in a high-growth tech or B2B SaaS company\n\nAccounting Tools Proficiency: You have hands-on experience with systems like Datev, NetSuite, Odoo, and modern AP/AR tools (e.g. Moss, Payhawk, Ramp)\n\nGerman GAAP & Tax Law: You possess solid knowledge of HGB and German tax regulations\n\nProcess Improvement Mindset: You identify and implement process enhancements with autonomy\n\nCommunication Skills: You're confident communicating clearly across levels and functions in English\n\nDetail-Oriented & Reliable: You're known for your precision and reliability in financial operations\n\nNice-to-haves\n\nEducational Background: Degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field, or certified training (e.g. Tax Clerk)\n\nAudit or Firm Experience: You've worked at an accounting or audit firm\n\nGerman Language Skills: Basic fluency in German is a plus\n\nInternational Exposure: You understand accounting standards like IFRS or US-GAAP and are familiar with financial consolidation\n\nTech Savvy: You're eager to explore new tools and automation for improved efficiency\n\nCompliance Experience: You're familiar with VAT, transfer pricing, and international compliance topics\n\nAsync Work Proficiency: You're comfortable working in remote, distributed, async-first teams\n\nWhy join us?\n\nAt n8n, your work won’t disappear into a slide deck. You'll play a key role in building a scalable, tech-forward finance function from the ground up during our hyper-growth phase. You’ll have ownership from day one, shape our financial operations for scale, and potentially grow into a team lead role in the future. Join a remote-first, autonomous team that values impact, experimentation, and continuous learning.\n\nSound like a challenge you’re excited to take on?\n\nApply now — and help us build the future of automation.\n\nn8n is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.\n\nWe can sponsor visas to Germany; for any other country, you need to have existing right to work.\n\nOur company language is English.\n\nYou care about diversity and inclusion? We do too! Check out our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging initiatives at n8n (https://www.notion.so/n8n/Diversity-inclusion-and-belonging-n8n-c1bec2fff536422d868b1a438d990e35).\n\nLocation disclaimer: If you see multiple job postings for the same role, it is most likely because we're hiring remotely for this role and posting in different locations to make sure every potential candidate can see the role. Please apply to the location you're the most likely to work from in the future.\n\nBenefits\n\nCompetitive compensation – We offer fair and attractive pay.\n\nOwnership – Our core value is to “empower others,” and we mean it—you’ll get a slice of n8n with equity.\n\nWork/life balance – We work hard but ensure you have time to recharge:\n\nEurope: 30 days of vacation, plus public holidays wherever you are.\n\nUS: 15 vacation days, 8 sick days, plus public holidays wherever you are.\n\nHealth & wellness –\n\nEurope: We provide benefits according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: Comprehensive medical (PPO 1200), dental, and vision plans.\n\nFuture planning –\n\nEurope: We provide pension contributions according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: 401(k) retirement plan.\n\nFinancial security –\n\nEurope: We provide benefits according to local country norms.*\n\nUS: Short-term & long-term disability insurance, life & AD&D coverage, and additional hospital coverage.\n\nCareer growth – We hire rising stars who grow with us! You’ll get €1K (or equivalent) per year to spend on courses, books, events, or coaching to level up your skills.\n\nA passionate team – We love our product, and we prove it with regular hackathons where we see who can build the coolest thing with it!\n\nRemote-first – Our team works remotely across Europe, with regular off-sites for team bonding. Some roles, like sales in the US, are hybrid—please check the job description.\n\nGiving back – We're big fans of open source, and you'll get $100 per month to support projects you care about.\n\nAI enablement – We believe in working smarter—everyone gets an unlimited AI budget to explore and use the best tools to boost productivity and creativity.\n\nTransparency – We all know what everyone’s working on, how the company is doing—the whole shebang.\n\nAn ambitious but kind culture – People love working here—our eNPS for 2024 is 94!\n\n* Country-specific details are provided in your contract."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a54f1072c0f0ee99","title":"Senior Web Engineer, Frontend [Europe, remote]","company":"PHOTOROOM","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a54f1072c0f0ee99","description":"About us\n\nPhotoroom launched in 2020 after being accepted into Y Combinator and has become the world's most popular AI photo editor over the past four years. Our goal is to create the technology allowing anyone create studio-level product images in minutes.\n\nWith over 300 million downloads and processing 5+ billion images annually, we serve both individual creators and major enterprises like Amazon, DoorDash, and Decathlon through our B2C app and B2B API solutions.\n\nWe're a profitable, remote-friendly company that has raised Series B funding and aims for 40% year-over-year growth. Our team of 100+ passionate builders focuses on craft, innovation, and collaboration, creating exceptional impact for entrepreneurs and businesses worldwide.\n\nTL;DR\n\nBuild the web platform that powers 5 billion image transformations every year.\n\nAs a frontend engineer at Photoroom, you’ll join a 10-person web team where you'll architect scalable solutions for millions of users, integrate cutting-edge AI features, and directly shape the product that entrepreneurs worldwide rely on to create stunning visuals.\n\nYou'll work autonomously across squads, tackling challenges from real-time image manipulation to AI-powered generative tools.\n\n80k€-100k€* + Stock-Options/BSPCE\n\nFull remote: you can work from anywhere in Europe within a 3-hour flight from Paris (HQ) and come to our office once per quarter (fully reimbursed).\n\nWe are currently unable to sponsor visas outside of France.\n\nSocials - Annual company retreats, quarterly gatherings, Game Time\n\n*We can go higher for outstanding profiles and adapt to the cost of living if it is higher than in Paris.\n\nAbout the role\n\nBuild the future of visual commerce at unprecedented scale.\n\nImagine writing code that directly impacts millions of entrepreneurs creating their next big product launch. You’ll work on real-time canvas manipulation, WebAssembly integration, AI-powered workflows, and performance optimization for massive visual datasets.\n\nWhat makes this role extraordinary:\n\nAI at the core: You'll have the best AI tools at your disposal, and the ability to focus on problem solving while AI manages what is automatable, redundant, and repetitive. You’ll also build breakthrough features based on our proprietary genAI models. Not just consuming APIs, but building the interfaces that make complex AI feel effortless\n\nTechnical depth: From sophisticated state management patterns with MobX to brand new features for our AI photo editor, you'll solve problems that push the boundaries of what's possible in the browser\n\nProduct ownership: You’ll go beyond implementation, and partner closely with our ML and product teams to help shape product strategy and build features from planning to launch and beyond\n\nReal-life impact: Your work will empower millions of small businesses and creators to compete visually with major brands\n\nKey projects you might tackle: Real-time collaborative editing, AI-powered background generation interfaces, complex image composition rendering, internal developer tools, design system architecture.\n\nYour technical playground: React.js, TypeScript, MobX, Canvas API, WebAssembly, TailwindCSS, Turborepo, Vite, Playwright. Plus, you'll be encouraged to experiment with cutting-edge web technologies as they emerge.\n\nAbout you\n\nYou're a senior (8 years+) engineer excited about complex, high-impact challenges.\n\nYou've built large-scale web applications that real people depend on. Think SaaS platforms serving 1M+ users monthly with teams of 10+ developers. You know how to maintain performance when every millisecond (and pixel!) count\n\nWhat we're looking for:\n\nReact mastery: Deep expertise in React and component-based architecture\n\nState management expertise: Strong understanding of MobX or the observer pattern, and how to use it to manage complex application state elegantly\n\nProven scale experience: You've architected applications serving 1M+ users monthly\n\nStartup mindset: You favor fast iteration over perfection, can work autonomously, and understand that in a scaling startup, adaptability beats rigid process\n\nAI enthusiasm: You actively use AI tools to amplify your productivity\n\nBonus points for: WebAssembly experience, visual tools background, Canvas/WebGL knowledge, product photography interest.\n\nIf you think you have what it takes but don't meet every single point above, please still apply. We'd love to chat and see if you could be a great fit.\n\nHiring Process\n\nScreening call with recruiting\n\nTechnical interview with the team lead\n\nHome technical assignment, followed by a review with the web team\n\nWays of working interviews and meet the team\n\nReference check & offer\n\nSupport - If you have a medical condition or an individual need for an adjustment to our process, and you believe this may affect your ability to be at your best - please let us know so we can talk about how we can best support you and make any adjustments that may be needed.\n\nDiversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging\n\nWe're committed to enabling everyone to feel included and valued at work. We believe our company and culture are strongest when composed of diverse experiences and backgrounds.\n\nThat's also why we have flexible working hours, trust people to work remotely, and extended parental leave.\n\nAll qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, family, gender identity, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a5678f8c33452d72","title":"TECHNICO COMMERCIAL","company":"Nataa","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":34000,\"salaryMin\":28000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 28 000 € à 34 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"16 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a5678f8c33452d72","description":"Description du Poste:\n\nPoints incontournables\n\nConnaissance des systèmes de traitement de l’air (ventilation, filtration, purification,\n\ndépoussiérage...) ;\n\nUne expérience réussie en tant que commercial terrain\n\nCapacité à diagnostiquer et résoudre des pannes sur site ;\n\nPermis B\n\nDescription de la mission\n\nLe Technico-commercial a pour mission de développer et fidéliser un portefeuille clients en\n\nassurant la prospection et en gérant la relation commerciale. Il doit identifier les besoins\n\nspécifiques des clients et leur proposer des solutions techniques adaptées en matière de\n\ntraitement de l’air, garantissant ainsi une réponse optimale à leurs attentes.\n\nDévelopper de nouveaux leads sur le secteur géographique déterminé au préalable.\n\nEnfin, il participe activement à la performance globale de l’entreprise, en assurant un suivi\n\nrigoureux des projets et des interventions, garantissant ainsi la bonne exécution des\n\nprestations et le développement de l’activité de NEW’R.\n\nActivité commerciale\n\n●\n\nsalons, etc.) ;\n\nDévelopper un portefeuille clients (prospection terrain, démarchage téléphonique,\n\nResponsabilités SSE\n\nIdentifier les besoins des prospects et clients en matière de traitement de l’air\n\nÉlaborer et négocier des offres commerciales adaptées (établissement et relance des\n\ndevis) ;\n\nAssurer le suivi des clients et fidéliser le réseau existant ;\n\nTravailler en synergie avec les équipes techniques et administratives pour garantir la\n\nsatisfaction client.\n\nSuivi et reporting\n\nSuivre les affaires en cours et assurer un reporting précis des actions menées (visites,\n\ninterventions, offres commerciales...)\n\nParticiper aux réunions internes et assurer une communication régulière avec les\n\néquipes ;\n\nVeiller au respect des normes de sécurité et des règlementations en vigueur dans le\n\ndomaine du traitement de l’air.\n\nRespecter les consignes SSE de l'entreprise\n\nPrendre connaissance et respecter les consignes de sécurité, protocoles de sécurité,\n\nplan de prévention, PPSPS...) ;\n\nMaintenir en état de conformité ses équipements de travail ;\n\nAlerter sur la date de validité des habilitations et certifications ;\n\nRemonter les informations SSE nécessaires à la direction (remplissage des fiches\n\nREX...) ;\n\nMaintenir en état les équipements de travail (EPI, véhicule, matériels, outils...) ;\n\nRespecter le tri des déchets ;\n\nRespecter les consignes d’éco-conduite (si nécessaire) ;\n\nDéplacements professionnels\n\nDes déplacements sont à prévoir pour ce poste :\n\nLe secteur géographique à couvrir rayonne sur le secteur suivant : Région Parisienne\n\nCe qui peut donc engendrer des découches occasionnelles si le temps de déplacement\n\ndépasse 1h30.\n\nProfil recherché\n\nTechniques :\n\nConnaissance des systèmes de traitement de l’air (ventilation, filtration, purification,\n\ndépoussiérage...) ;\n\nCapacité à diagnostiquer et résoudre des pannes sur site ;\n\nMaîtrise des outils de chiffrage et élaboration d’offres commerciales.Commerciales :\n\nAisance relationnelle et capacité à convaincre ;\n\nNégociation et gestion d’un cycle de vente ;\n\nFidélisation et développement de la clientèle.\n\nOrganisationnelles :\n\nGestion des priorités et des interventions techniques ;\n\nSuivi administratif des devis et interventions ;\n\nUtilisation d’outils CRM et de reporting commercial.\n\nEsprit d’analyse et capacité à proposer des solutions adaptées ;\n\nAutonomie et prise d’initiative ;\n\nRigueur et sens du service client ;\n\nBonne gestion du stress et capacité d’adaptation ;\n\nTravail en équipe et communication efficace.\n\nRémunération brute actuelle\n\n28 - 34 k€ sans variable - Rémunération sur 12 mois\n\nVariable à définir.\n\nLes avantages\n\nIntéressement\n\nTélétravail\n\nMutuelle d'entreprise\n\nTickets restaurant\n\nAutres : Véhicule fonction + téléphone portable + ordinateur portable + tablette + EPI\n\n+ outillages divers.Le poste\n\nLe poste est associé à une catégorie professionnelle : Cadre\n\nLe poste ne présente pas de possibilités d’évolution\n\nCe poste n'inclut pas de management\n\nLe poste relève d’un remplacement.\n\nL’organisation\n\nLe candidat sera rattaché à l'agence de Wissous. Il rejoindra la personne en poste sur ce\n\nsecteur.\n\nFonction du supérieur hiérarchique direct : Responsable commercial\n\nHoraires de travail\n\nHoraires de travail en journée.\n\nType d'emploi : CDI\n\nRémunération : 28 000,00€ à 34 000,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Intéressement et participation\n* Restaurant d'entreprise\n* Véhicule de fonction\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Technico-commercial h/f ou similaire: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nPermis/certification:\n* Permis B (Requis)\n\nDisposition à l'égard des déplacements professionnels:\n* 25 % (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a67b1a6884b907e4","title":"Customer Success Manager","company":"Launchmetrics","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75016\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75016 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8637,\"longitude\":2.2769,\"streetAddress\":\"18 Rue Chalgrin,75016 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75016 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a67b1a6884b907e4","description":"ABOUT THE ROLE\n\nThe Customer Success Manager will be responsible for the relationship with our customers. This role is responsible for managing key client relationships and ensuring client adoption, satisfaction, and retention across the board, ensuring the successful set-up and kick-off for new clients and paving the way for solid system adoption.\n\nRESPONSIBILITIES:\n\nBe an expert on system functions and features to become a strategic advisor for clients, continuously driving product value and ROI.\nEnsure that appropriate client contacts, documentation, reviews and projects, and risk are added to Gainsight and is kept up-to-date regularly.\nLead regular account reviews with clients to ensure proper usage of the system, maintain communication on updates.\nGather local client feedback and deliver feedback to product teams and to help prioritise projects and shape product roadmap.\nAnticipate and monitor dissatisfied accounts and ensure problems/issues are dealt with swiftly and appropriately.\nComplete all client follow-up training and adoption activities as well as system updates and changes to ensure renewal and growth.\nIdentify opportunities for upsell and cross sell and nurture them through to handover to the sales team.\nEvaluate and document implementation plans and specifications. Project-manage incoming client requests alongside product, acting as the voice of the client.\n\n This role welcomes full remote or hybrid work arrangements but applicants must be based in the Paris area.\n\nABOUT YOU\n\nWho You Are\n\nBachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in business, or related field.\nMinimum of 2 years previous experience in Customer Success or another related role.\nAbility to perform within a fast-paced, multi priority setting.\nCustomer-first mentality; ability to empathize and build customer loyalty.\nStrong technical aptitude and ability to learn new technologies quickly. Must be able to think strategically about change management and system integration.\nExcellent interpersonal skills for phone troubleshooting and writing skills through email.\n\nExtra Credit:\n\nExperience working with/in the Fashion, Luxury, Beauty or PR space.\nExposure to global customers and an understanding of international markets is desirable.\nExperience with delivering on-site training and webinars.\n\nWe value diverse perspectives and recognize that skills and experiences can be gained in various ways. If you're excited about this opportunity but don't meet every single requirement listed, we would love to hear from you and encourage you to submit an application!\n\nABOUT THE CUSTOMER SUCCESS TEAM\n\nWe work as one team to go above and beyond for our customers. We act as their voice and champion. Our success is our customers' success.\n\nWe build and maintain client relationships to ensure happiness, adoption, and renewal. We support clients by continuously advising them as partners and keep them up to date on our new initiatives and innovative updates to pave the way for customer growth.\n\nOur mission is to provide the best client experiences through meaningful partner relationships that showcase the Launchmetrics' value of creating efficient, impactful, and measurable brand experiences.\n\nOUR RECRUITMENT PROCESS\n\nIntro Call\nMeet & Greet\nSkills Assessment\nCulture Fit Interview\nLeadership Interview\n\nWHY YOU’LL LOVE LAUNCHMETRICS\n\nWe're a company that prioritizes people, fostering a relaxed yet dynamic atmosphere. Our international team is filled with enthusiastic, motivated individuals who enjoy their work. Autonomy empowers our team members, allowing them to make a substantial difference in our business, for our customers, and within our organization. When you become part of our team, you'll have access to growth and advancement possibilities, including a learning and development allowance, a benefits package tailored to each location, and flexible work arrangements, along with support for establishing your home office and other perks.\n\nOUR COMMITMENT\n\nLaunchmetrics is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer building a diverse and inclusive workforce. If there is anything extra we can do to help you feel at ease during your interview process, please let the PeopleOps team member you’ll be meeting with know."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a70da018e0eadeb9","title":"Sales Director France","company":"BVI Medical","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a70da018e0eadeb9","description":"Job Requisition No VN8316\nWork Location Name France - Remote\nWorker Basis Full Time\nWorker Type Employee\nApplications Close Date Oct 31, 2025\nPurpose\nAdapts & aligns the regional business strategy from BVI to specific countries situation and takes the lead to align & develop tactical execution of the sales (Direct and Indirect), marketing and operational plans, as well as directing the development of adequate tools & processes to accelerate & drive sales & income growth\nEnsure consistent, profitable growth in sales revenue through positive planning, deployment & management of products specialists\nIdentifies objectives, strategies & action plans to improve short and long term sales & earnings\n\nKey Responsibilities\nDefine and accelerate local and regional growth opportunities\nIdentify and develop new business opportunities to accelerate and sustain ongoing aggressive sales growth\nRecommend the most realistic sales goals for the company including budget and forecast\nEstablish & manage effective programs to compensate, coach, appraise & train direct reports\nPerform and exemplify People Management and build talent that contributes to the on-going success of the business. Develop successors for each key position and create organisation flow\nContribution to Country/Business Strategy Formulation\nLead Strategy Implementation (Direct sales team and GPO)\nHigh-Level Customer Interfacing\nDirect the local business and contribute to the regional and WW business contributions\nBuild strong sales and marketing capabilities\nDefine country strategy in line with the European strategy\nDevelop an annual business plan, including the financial objectives and resources required\nResponsible for the implementation of the annual business plan and involved in local financial P&L\nIn charge of GPO ( Ramsay/ELSAN/Vivalto/CAHPP/Helpevia …) management\nDefine the commercial strategy for the region and implementation\nDevelop and drive usage of CRM ( SalesForce ) across commercial organization\nManage CRM as analytical tool and support of commercial strategy\nDrive and lead the business to optimize sales growth and leverage income growth\nPeople management\nProvide leadership and coach own country organization with special focus on:\nRetaining talented people\nConstantly upgrading knowledge and skills of teams\nDriving local teams to deliver results, skill improvements and ongoing change management\nOptimize the structure in the country and talent pool\nBuild the organization bench strength and create organization flow\nCustomer Relationship\nDevelop appropriate understanding of local customer needs through ongoing interaction with key accounts, GPO and other healthcare organization\nDevelop/maintain contact with professional as well as with key opinion leaders\nManage contact with gouvernemental institutions\nMaintain contact with key ophthalmic companies\n\nQualification\nSignificant success in management roles and experience (5+ years) , ideally in Ophthalmic /Medical devices\nKnowledge of local markets\nHigh level of commercial leadership skill\nExcellent communication with other stakeholders / cross functional collaboration\nStrategic thinking\nResults and financial driven mindset\nAbility to deal with high level opinion leaders\nExperience of Distribution/GPO Management\nKnowledge of the medical devices industry and environment\nEnglish\nCRM High skill ( Sales Force/Power BI)\n\nCompany\n\nBVI® is refocusing the future of vision.\n\nAs one of the fastest-growing, diversified surgical ophthalmic businesses in the world, our purpose-built portfolio of trusted brands includes: Beaver® (Knives and Blades), Visitec® (Cannulas), Malosa® (Single-Use Instruments), Vitreq® (Vitreoretinal Surgical Products) and PhysIOL® (Premium IOLs), and spans more than 90 countries.\n\nWe’ve set our sights on touching the lives of millions of patients affected by conditions such as cataracts, refractive error, glaucoma, retinal disease, and dry eye. Unburdened by legacy or bureaucracy, we have developed our strategy around a simple concept – taking pride in delivering innovative solutions for our physicians and patients, based on their needs. We trust and empower our associates to make decisions and solve problems because collaboration drives us. Valuing agility, simplicity, and transparency, we stay committed to listening to our customers, delivering for our patients, and keeping the future in focus.\n\nLearn more at www.bvimedical.com"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a8c027e1cec0a82f","title":"Short-Form Video Producer","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a8c027e1cec0a82f","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a leading tech company that creates and operates innovative consumer products. We offer a diverse range of opportunities across the health, education, and entertainment industries. Our innovative teams are driving the future of consumer-led products, and we're always looking for passionate individuals to join us. Learn more about our story at: https://rubylabs.com/about-us/\n\nAbout the role\n\nWe are seeking a highly creative and results-driven Short-Form Video Producer to lead the creation of viral short-form video content across Instagram Reels, YouTube Shorts, and Facebook.\n\nThis is a full-time, hands-on production role for someone who lives and breathes social media trends and knows how to turn ideas into scroll-stopping videos. You will own the full process — from researching trends and scripting, to producing, editing, and publishing — with one clear mission: to grow our organic reach, views, and followers across platforms through engaging, shareable video content.\n\nYou’ll join our Marketing team and work closely with our social media manager and marketing director, but you’ll be the primary owner of short-form content output across multiple Ruby Labs brands.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nContent Ideation & Research\n\nMonitor Reels, Shorts, and TikTok daily to identify emerging trends, sounds, hooks, and viral formats.\n\nAdapt trends to fit each brand’s voice, audience, and message.\n\nBrainstorm new ideas that have the potential to go viral organically.\n\nScriptwriting & Planning\n\nWrite short, impactful scripts or storyboards that grab attention in the first few seconds.\n\nPlan and organize content shoots ensuring consistent creative output.\n\nDevelop creative angles for each brand and align with broader marketing goals.\n\nVideo Production & Editing\n\nFilm, edit, and optimize Reels/Shorts for maximum reach and engagement.\n\nEnsure all videos are native to each platform, using trending sounds, captions, and pacing.\n\nMaintain a consistent aesthetic and tone aligned with each brand’s identity.\n\nPublishing & Optimization\n\nPost daily Reels/Shorts on Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube.\n\nWrite engaging captions and select relevant hashtags.\n\nTrack performance, iterate based on analytics, and double down on high-performing formats.\n\nPerformance Tracking & Reporting\n\nAnalyze metrics such as reach, views, engagement rate, and watch time.\n\nPrepare performance reports and insights to guide future content direction.\n\nStay accountable to KPIs focused on organic growth and audience reach.\n\nQualifications\n\nExperience\n\nMinimum 2 years of experience creating short-form video content for social platforms (Reels, TikTok, Shorts).\n\nProven ability to create viral or high-performing videos (please provide portfolio or examples).\n\nTechnical Skills\n\nProficient in video editing tools (CapCut, Adobe Premiere, Final Cut, or similar).\n\nDeep understanding of platform algorithms and engagement triggers.\n\nStrong copywriting and storytelling ability for short-form content.\n\nMotion graphics and sound editing experience.\n\nCreative Mindset\n\nExcellent eye for trends, storytelling, pacing, and visual composition.\n\nComfortable in front of the camera or directing talent as needed.\n\nHighly autonomous, proactive, and driven to create content that performs.\n\nNice to have\n\nExperience managing multiple brand accounts simultaneously.\n\nStrong understanding of data-driven creative iteration.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere, anytime, promoting a healthy work-life balance.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nCompany-provided MacBook: Experience seamless productivity with top-notch Apple MacBooks provided to all employees who need them.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received.\n\nApplication Submission: Provide your CV along with a portfolio or examples of short-form videos (Reels, Shorts, or TikToks) you’ve created that generated strong reach or engagement.\n\nRecruiter Screening (40 minutes): Discuss your background, experience, and fit for the role.\n\nTask Assignment: Create and submit 2 short-form video examples following a trend or concept relevant to one of our brands.\n\nFinal Interview (60 minutes): Meet with the Marketing Director to discuss your creative process, content ideation workflow, and vision for organic video growth at Ruby Labs.\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a91a037e66876582","title":"Rejoignez l’élite des commerciaux santé – Objectifs élevés, rémunération illimitée.","company":"ALLO CONSEILS","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":3500,\"salaryMin\":1800,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 1 800 € à 3 500 € par mois\",\"salaryType\":\"monthly\"}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a91a037e66876582","description":"Chez *ALLO CONSEILS*, cabinet de courtage premium basé à Sophia Antipolis, nous accélérons notre expansion *sur tout le territoire*. Pour soutenir cette croissance, nous lançons une *cellule 100 % télétravail dédiée à la vente d’assurances santé* auprès des particuliers.\n\nNotre promesse ? *Vous donner les moyens d’atteindre vos ambitions financières*, sans jamais plafonner votre réussite.\n\nVos missions\n* *Vente à distance* de nos gammes santé : complémentaires, surcomplémentaires, packs familiaux et options haut de gamme.\n* Pilotage *intégral du cycle de vente* : sourcing de leads qualifiés, argumentation commerciale, gestion des objections, finalisation par *signature électronique*.\n* Suivi rigoureux dans notre CRM avec indicateurs de performance clairs (volume d’affaires, taux de transformation, taux de satisfaction).\n* *Fidélisation des clients* : traitement des avenants, gestion des demandes post-vente (réclamations simples, résiliations).\n* Participation active à la *remontée des objections récurrentes* pour ajuster les argumentaires et faire évoluer les offres.\n\nLe profil que nous recherchons\n* *Minimum 1 an d’expérience réussie* en vente d’assurance santé (obligatoire) en cabinet ou compagnie.\n* Connaissance du *cadre réglementaire santé* et des enjeux client (mutuelle obligatoire, résiliation infra-annuelle, etc.).\n* Solide maîtrise des *techniques de closing à distance* (notamment par téléphone).\n* Vous avez une *mentalité de \"chasseur\"* : orienté résultat, capable de travailler sous pression positive.\n* Organisation impeccable en télétravail : autonomie, rigueur et capacité à gérer plusieurs dossiers simultanément.\n* Matériel personnel fiable : *connexion internet stable et espace de travail calme indispensables.*\n\nCe que nous vous offrons\n* *CDI 35h* – horaires fixes du lundi au vendredi (9h-12h30 / 14h-17h30).\n* Rémunération = *SMIC net fixe + commissions non plafonnées* (barème progressif très incitatif).\n* Nos meilleurs vendeurs dépassent régulièrement\n* *4 000 € de variable mensuel.*\n* *Bonus trimestriels* pour les top performers (volume de ventes, qualité, régularité).\n\n\n* *Coaching intensif* en binôme + masterclass mensuelles animées par des top closers.\n* Matériel fourni après période d’essai : *PC professionnel + casque + téléphone softphone.*\n\n\n\nPour postuler,\n\nEnvoyez-nous :\n* Votre *CV actualisé*.\n* Un paragraphe (10 lignes max) décrivant *votre meilleure réussite commerciale* (chiffres à l’appui).\n\nÀ l’adresse : *recrutement@alloconseils.com* – Réf. *PERFORMANCE-2025*\n*Seuls les profils respectant les critères seront contactés.*\n\nType d'emploi : CDI\n\nRémunération : 1 800,00€ à 3 500,00€ par mois\n\nHoraires :\n* Du lundi au vendredi\n* Repos le week-end\n* Travail en journée\n* Travail les jours fériés\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Vente d'assurance: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac8586253d14e91f","title":"Motion Designer","company":"Social Discovery Group","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ac8586253d14e91f","description":"Social Discovery Group (https://socialdiscoverygroup.com/about-us) (SDG) is the 3rd largest social discovery company in the world, uniting 60+ brands with 500 million users. We solve the problems of loneliness, isolation, and disconnection by transforming virtual intimacy into the new normal. Our portfolio includes online communication platforms focusing on AI, game mechanics, and video streaming - Dating.com, DateMyAge, Cupid Media, Dil Mil, Kiseki, and others.\n\nSDG invests in IT startups around the world. Our investments include Open AI, Patreon, Flo, Clubhouse, Woebot, Flure, Astry, Coursera, Academia.edu, and many others.\n\nWe bring together a team of like-minded people and IT professionals specializing in the creation and development of globally impactful social discovery products. Our international team of 1200 professionals and digital nomads works all over the world.\n\nOur teams of digital nomads work remotely from Cyprus, Malta, the USA, Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Montenegro, Poland, Latvia, Serbia, Spain, Portugal, UAE, Israel, Turkey, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and many other locations.\n\nIn August 2024, we achieved Great Place to Work US Certification™! This achievement reflects our core belief that a truly exceptional workplace is built on trust, pride, and camaraderie—not just great perks.\n\nWe are looking for an experienced Motion Designer with strong expertise in video production and motion graphics, who also confidently uses AI tools to generate video content.\n\nYour main tasks will be:\n\nProduce performance-driven ad videos, social media creatives, and UGC-style content that align with marketing briefs.\nApply AI tools to create realistic video formats, including talking heads and innovative storytelling approaches.\nCombine classic motion design skills with AI-driven creativity to deliver impactful marketing solutions.\nEnsure all deliverables meet brand guidelines, marketing goals, and performance KPIs.\nContinuously experiment with new AI tools and techniques to enhance creative output and efficiency.\n\nWe expect from you:\n\nProven experience in motion design, video editing, and animation (After Effects).\nAbility to produce advertising creatives, social media ads, and UGC-style videos.\nStrong knowledge of typography and animated graphic elements.\nAbility to generate high-quality static images with AI tools (MidJourney, Imagen, Comfy, etc.) for use in generated videos.\nProficiency with AI video tools (HeyGen, Kling, Runway, Pika, Veo, etc.) to generate realistic videos, talking head formats, and UGC content.\nAbility to adapt and refine AI-generated content: editing, color correction, lip-sync, branding integration.\nUnderstanding of performance-marketing video principles (hooks, pacing, retention strategies).\nBasic sound design skills: music selection, voice-over integration, AI-voice adjustments.\nProficiency in Russian, and level of English B2+\nExperience with workflow automation (After Effects scripts, AI pipelines) is nice to have.\n\nWhat do we offer:\n\nREMOTE OPPORTUNITY to work full time;\nVacation 28 calendar days per year;\n7 wellness days per year (time off) that can be used to deal with household issues, to lie down and recover without taking sick leave;\nBonuses up to $5000 for recommending successful applicants for positions in the company;\n50% payment for professional training, international conferences and meetings;\nCorporate discount for English lessons;\nHealth benefits. According to the paychecks, if you are not eligible for corporate medical insurance, the company will compensate you with up to $ 1,000 gross per year per employee. This can be spent on self-purchase of health insurance or on doctor's fees for yourself and close relatives (spouse, children);\nWorkplace organization. The company provides all employees with an equipped workplace and all the necessary equipment (table, armchair, wifi, etc.) in our offices or co-working locations. In the other locations, the company provides reimbursement of workplace costs up to $ 1000 gross once every 3 years, according to the paychecks. This money can be spent on the rent of the co-working room, on equipping the working place at home (desk, chair, Internet, etc.) during those 3 years;\nInternal gamified gratitude system: receive bonuses from colleagues and exchange them for merch, team building activities, massage certificates, etc.\n\nSounds good? Join us now!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ad4e70e5e77c493e","title":"Agent commercial H/F","company":"LETAHOST","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ad4e70e5e77c493e","description":"*Qui sommes-nous ?*\n\nLETAHOST - www.letahost.com - est une conciergerie immobilière innovante spécialisée dans la gestion de propriétés pour la location de courte durée. Nous offrons des services haut de gamme aux propriétaires d'appartements et de maisons à travers la France.\n\nEn pleine expansion, nous connaissons une croissance fulgurante et cherchons à recruter des commerciaux dynamiques pour rejoindre notre équipe ambitieuse.\n\n*Notre cible* : PROPRIÉTAIRES des logements qui souhaitent louer leur bien sur Airbnb et qui veulent confier la gestion de leur biens à une conciergerie immobilière.\n\n*Nos services :* Nous proposons à nos clients propriétaires de s’occuper entièrement de la gestion de leur bien : homestaging, photos, annonces, gestion des entrées-sorties, pour qu’ils n’aient plus qu’à encaisser leur revenus.\n\n*Avantages concurrentiels :* les tarifs les plus accessibles du marché (à partir de 14% de com), l’approche humaine (recrutement des presta), l’approche investisseur (rentabilité).\n\n*Missions* :\n\n* Vous serez en charge de développer le portefeuille client de l'entreprise, ciblant les propriétaires souhaitant confier la gestion de leurs logements à une conciergerie type Airbnb.\n* Effectuer des appels sortants vers des propriétaires ayant manifesté leur désir de nous contacter afin de leur présenter nos services de conciergerie et de signer un contrat de prestation de services avec eux\n* Les RDV sont positionnés par les setters et arrive directement dans votre agenda et dans notre CRM\n* Accompagner vos prospect vers la signature de la promesse du contrat\n* Remplir un logiciel CRM (Monday) avec tous les détails et surtout le tenir à jour Suivre vos dossiers / Relancer vos propriétaires\n* Traitements des mails de vos prospects\n* Réécouter vos calls et les analyser pour les améliorer\n* Vous former en continu tout en étant accompagné par votre responsable commerciale\n\n*Profil recherché:*\n\n* Fort(e) d'une première expérience réussie dans le commerce, vous êtes désireux(se) de rejoindre une société en pleine expansion où votre dynamisme et votre sens commercial seront des atouts majeurs.\n* Vous êtes doté(e) d'un tempérament commercial affûté. Vous aimez tisser des liens de confiance et de proximité avec vos clients.\n* Vous souhaitez être indépendant(e) et avoir des retombées financières à la hauteur de votre travail\n* Vous êtes très ambitieux(se) et prêt(e) à vous impliquer dans vos missions\n* Nous valorisons vos résultats en vous offrant une rémunération attractive (Variable) et un environnement de travail convivial axé sur l'esprit d'équipe. Vous devez être à l'aise avec les outils informatiques, notamment les CRM et avoir une bonne élocution.\n* Compétences et savoir-faire indispensables :\n* Sens commercial aigu\n* Savoir découvrir les besoins, argumenter et convaincre\n* Savoir accompagner le client dans sa démarche\n* Aisance orale et bonne élocution\n* Expérience sur les appels sortants\n* Maîtrise des outils informatiques\n* Capacité à maintenir un rythme d'appels soutenu\n\n*QUALITÉS ESSENTIELLES POUR LE POSTE :*\n\n* Écoute active\n* Excellent relationnel\n* Dynamisme et réactivité\n* Autonomie\n* Adaptabilité\n* Esprit d'analyse\n* Rigoureux(se), assidu(e) et ponctuel(le)\n* Sens du travail en équipe\n* Persévérance\n* Méthode et ordre\n* Pédagogie\n* Patience\n\n*Informations complémentaires :*\n\n*Statut *: Indépendant\n\n*Poste :* En télétravail exclusivement\n\n*Rémunération à la commission *: à partir de 200€ pour un contrat définitif signé avec le propriétaire\n\n*Date de démarrage* : Dès que possible\n\n*Rémunération :*\n\n* Suite au RDV positionné dans son calendrier avec un lead qualifié (l’avantage de notre société est qu’on fournit les prospects qualifiés qui sont déjà dans votre agenda), le Commercial signe une Promesse de Contrat de Conciergerie\n* Ensuite cette Promesse est transformée en Contrat Définitif par le Coordinateur qui se déplace sur le bien\n* *La commission est payée par Contrat Définitif signé avec le Client propriétaire (à la fin du mois on regarde tous les contrats définitifs signés) → c’est important pour éviter que le commercial “raconte n’importe quoi” pour signer la promesse et que le contrat ne soit pas transformé par la suite*\n* L’avancement de signatures de contrats sont indiqués dans la colonne dédiée à ce sujet dans notre CRM pour suivre la transformation de votre prospect + dans le groupe WhatsApp\n\n*Commissions :*\n\n* *200€ si moins de 10 promesses par mois*\n* *250€ entre 10 et 15 promesses par mois*\n* *300€ si plus de 15 promesses par mois*\n\nLes paliers de commissions sont calculés par rapport au *nombre de promesses signées *dans le mois et pas au nombre de contrats. (par exemple, si le commercial a signé 16 promesses dans le mois, mais il n’y a que 11 contrats définitifs qui ont été signés, la commission sera de 300€ pour ces contrats)\n\n* Donc si le commercial ouvre *6 créneaux par jour *(1h-2h d’appel) - sur 5 jours = 120 appels par mois = et s’il transforme à 20% (le taux de signature exigé) → 24 promesses signées dans le mois - avec le taux de rétractés à 20% → 19 contrats définitifs → *5 700€ par mois*\n* si le commercial ouvre *5 créneaux par jour *(1h-2h d’appel) - sur 5 jours = 100 appels par mois = et s’il transforme à 20% (le taux de signature exigé) → 20 promesses signées dans le mois - avec le taux de rétractés à 20% → 16 contrats définitifs → *4 800€ par mois*\n* si le commercial ouvre *4 créneaux par jour* (1h-2h d’appel) - sur 5 jours = 80 appels par mois = et s’il transforme à 20% (le taux de signature exigé) → 16 promesses signées dans le mois - avec le taux de rétractés à 20% → 12 contrats définitifs → *3 600€ par mois*\n* Attention : les contrats définitifs peuvent prendre un peu de temps, s’il y a des travaux ou si le propriétaire tarde, en ce cas là les commissions ne vont pas tomber le premier mois, il faut prévoir de quoi tenir 1 ou 2 mois avant d’avoir ce niveau de rémunération\n\nAujourd’hui on forme l'élite de la vente au téléphone, on est exigeants sur les taux (20% de taux de signature), vous avez une place si vous avez envie d’apprendre la vente. On vous fournit une formation (à la fin de laquelle vous avez un appel test avec notre Head of Sales) et on vous entraîne, on voit nos équipes de sales comme les équipes de champions qui doivent s'entraîner tous les jours. Si vous avez une âme de champion, ce serait avec grand plaisir de vous voir rejoindre l’équipe !\n\nVous aimez cette annonce et pensez qu'elle vous ressemble ?\n\nRejoignez-nous dès maintenant et ensemble, nous propulserons votre réussite et celle de nos propriétaires vers de nouveaux sommets !\n\n*Nous proposons une rémunération attractive et nous cherchons les personnes motivées - c’est pour cela la réponse au formulaire augmentera vos chances d’être recrutés*\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein\n\nRémunération : à partir de 1 500,00€ par mois\n\nAvantages :\n\n* Horaires flexibles\n\nHoraires :\n\n* Flextime\n\nExpérience:\n\n* Commercial H/F ou similaire: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein\n\nRémunération : à partir de 1 500,00€ par mois\n\nAvantages :\n* Horaires flexibles\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Commercial H/F ou similaire: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLangue:\n* Français (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aebda75228b98b6f","title":"Inbound SDR - Bilingue Français /Italien (H/F)","company":"N2JSOFT","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":36000,\"salaryMin\":28000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 28 000 € à 36 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aebda75228b98b6f","description":"*Qui sommes-nous ?*\n\nN2JSoft est une Fintech Saas B2B dans l’expense management. Avec plus de *18 000 clients et 800 000 utilisateurs*, dans *82 pays*, notre produit fait partie des leaders du marché en France.\n\nGrâce à une équipe -* de bonne humeur avant tout* - qui place l'Homme au centre de ses préoccupations, nous partageons le projet commun de devenir le leader européen de la gestion des dépenses professionnelles.\n\n*Au sein de l’équipe Marketing & Sales : *ton rôle sera essentiel : tu es le premier contact avec nos leads entrants. Tu qualifies leurs besoins et planifies des rendez-vous pour nos commerciaux.\n\nTu évolueras en étroite collaboration avec les équipes *françaises et italiennes*, afin de garantir une prise en charge rapide et qualitative de chaque opportunité.\n\n*Tes missions :*\n\n* Contacter les leads entrants italien,\n* Qualifier leurs besoins,\n* Planifier les rendez-vous pour l’équipe Sales,\n* Enrichir et mettre à jour le CRM (PipeDrive),\n* Collaborer avec les équipes Marketing & Sales pour améliorer la qualité des leads,\n* Partager les retours du marché et contribuer à l’amélioration des process.\n\n*Ce qu’on va attendre de toi :*\n\n* Tu es bilingue Français / Italien, à l’aise à l’oral comme à l’écrit,\n* Tu as une excellente aisance au téléphone et une énergie positive,\n* Tu es rigoureux(se), organisé(e) et orienté(e) résultats,\n* Doté(e) d’un dynamisme et d’un sourire naturel.\n\n*Pourquoi nous rejoindre ?*\n\nEn plus de rejoindre une équipe jeune et dynamique avec une ambiance start up notre spécificité est notre fort développement.\n\n*Chez N2JSoft tu pourras bénéficier de :*\n\n* Une prime de vacances,\n* Des chèques cadeau à Noël,\n* Des chèques de rentrée scolaire (si tu as des enfants),\n* Un chèque culture,\n* Des cours de musique,\n* Des événements tout au long de l’année.\n\n_Siège basé à proximité de Bourg en Bresse (télétravail jusqu'à 3 jours par semaine ou full remote selon votre trajet domicile/travail)._\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein\n\nRémunération : 28 000,00€ à 36 000,00€ par an\n\n\n\nLangue:\n* Italien (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aff90a6906387233","title":"Closer(euse) Indépendant(e) H/F","company":"Institut THINNESS Concept","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=aff90a6906387233","description":"*Closer ou Closeuse Indépendant(e) H/F – Un poste pour de véritables Combattantes du Commerce et du closing\" !*\n\nInstitut *QUALICE Minceur*, spécialiste de la vente à distance de programmes minceur et bien-être depuis près de *12 ans*, accompagne ses clients vers une forme idéale grâce à une solution globale qui a déjà fait ses preuves et qui bénéficie d’une e-réputation en ce sens.\n\n*Notre solution :*\n\nUne offre complète et adaptée à chaque client, qui combine :\n\n* *Produits ciblés* pour la perte de poids, le drainage, la silhouette et le bien-être général en traitant les différents facteurs bloquants.\n* *Documentations variées et adaptées, rééquilibrages alimentaire et recettes de cuisine.*\n* *Ebooks divers et outils de suivi*.\n* *Un accompagnement illimité* par une équipe salariée de coachs et nutritionnistes, jusqu’à la stabilisation des résultats.\n\n*Vos missions :*\n\n* *Prospecter et vendre par téléphone* : contrairement aux habitudes du métier d’indépendant, *nous vous fournissons directement et nominativement des fichiers prospects vierges, directement exploitables et suffisants pour développer votre activité*. Ces leads ne sont pas \"_chauds bouillants_\", mais ne sont pas non plus froids. Si vous savez \"_closer\"_ dès l'accroche, aucun soucis.\n\n(_Vous aurez le loisir de compléter par votre propre prospection personnelle si vous le souhaitez_)\n\n* *Réaliser des bilans minceur personnalisés*, identifier les besoins et proposer nos solutions adaptées.\n* *Transformer les refus en opportunités*, grâce à votre combativité. Vous traiterez les objections.\n\n*Votre profil :*\n\n* Vous êtes une personne *combative, autonome et motivée*, qui aime le challenge et qui ne baisse pas les bras.\n* Vous cherchez une activité *principale, complémentaire ou ponctuelle* (temps plein, partiel, étudiants, retraités bienvenus).\n* Débutant(e) accepté(e) : l’envie et l’énergie priment sur l’expérience.\n* Vous ne voulez ou ne pouvez pas vous déplacer, vous voulez travailler à votre rythme depuis chez vous ou tout lieu de votre choix.\n\n*Ce que nous offrons :*\n\n* *Un avantage rare* : des fichiers prospects fournis et suffisants pour travailler, sans obligation de prospection supplémentaire.\n* *Télétravail intégral* : vous travaillez depuis chez vous ou de n’importe où, à votre rythme.\n* *Liberté totale* : aucune hiérarchie, aucun objectif imposé, aucun compte à rendre, aucun horaire contraint.\n* *Outils inclus* : logiciel, CRM, assistance technique.\n* *Accompagnement* : possibilité de formation, coaching et conseils pour progresser rapidement.\n* *Aide à la création de votre statut* si vous n’êtes pas encore enregistré(e) comme indépendant(e).\n\n*Possibilités d’évolution* :\n- développer vos propres équipes d’indépendants sur votre secteur,- ou évoluer vers un\n*- poste salarié en CDI *si vos résultats le permettent et si vous le souhaitez.\n\n*Rémunération :*\n\nVous percevez *30 % du montant TTC *_(hors frais de port de 12.5€)_ *de chaque vente réalisée*. (_nous contacter ou postuler pour plus d’informations_)\n\n* Vos revenus dépendent uniquement de votre implication : *de 100 € par mois en simple complément* jusqu’à *4 000 € et + en activité à temps plein*.\n* *Aucun plafond de rémunération*.\n\n*Important :*\n\nNous cherchons dans un premier temps à constituer une équipe *limitée d’indépendants par secteur géographique*, afin d’assurer un suivi personnalisé et une intégration réussie.\nCependant, toute personne combative, passionnée par le commerce et prête à relever le défi est conviée à postuler.\n\n*Pour connaître les détails précis du contrat, de la rémunération et du statut nécessaire, merci de postuler directement à cette offre.*\n\nType d'emploi : Temps partiel\n\nRémunération : 100,00€ à 4 000,00€ par mois\n\nAvantages :\n* Horaires flexibles\n* Travail à domicile occasionnel\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Savoir traiter les objections d'accroches et de finalisation de vente\n\nLangue:\n* Français (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b16207f669f53640","title":"Head of Go-to-Market","company":"LeadX Pro","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b16207f669f53640","description":"LeadX Pro is an elite club of multi vertical media buyers within ecommerce, leadgen, igaming, nutra, and dating. Being a team of dedicated professionals who thrive on delivering exceptional results for our clients, we set the tone and are at the forefront of innovation in media buying. The team are – highly trained, proactive and international – and the media buying department are capable of creating growth anytime, anywhere. We believe in the power of media buying to generate successful campaigns, drive engagement, and ultimately, boost successful collaborations. Our inclusive and dynamic work environment fosters innovation, learning, and growth.\n\nAs we continue to grow, we are seeking an experienced Head of Go-to-Market to drive our market expansion, build strong industry partnerships, and lead the charge in events, trade fairs, lead generation, and CRM strategy. This is a key leadership role where you will be responsible for shaping and executing our market entry strategies, building lasting relationships, and ensuring LeadX Pro’s presence in the industry continues to grow.\n\nWHAT WE WOULD LIKE YOU TO TAKE CARE OF\n\nLead the strategy for market entry and expansion across multiple verticals (e-commerce, leadgen, iGaming, Nutra, and dating). Create actionable go-to-market plans for new product offerings and markets, including identifying key opportunities for partnerships and collaborations.\n\nIdentify, establish, and nurture relationships with potential partners across multiple industries. Collaborate with internal teams to build win-win partnerships that drive mutual growth, such as affiliates, and strategic business partners.\n\nPlan, coordinate, and lead participation in industry trade fairs, conferences, and networking events. Take ownership of setting up booths, managing event logistics, and leading the engagement at events to increase brand visibility and establish key connections.\n\nDevelop and implement lead generation strategies across multiple channels, from inbound to outbound tactics. Ensure LeadX Pro’s presence at key industry events and in relevant marketplaces.\n\nOversee the design, implementation, and optimization of LeadX Pro’s CRM system. Ensure seamless communication between sales, marketing, and partnerships teams to manage leads, track opportunities, and follow up with prospects efficiently.\n\nWork closely with sales and marketing teams to ensure alignment on go-to-market initiatives. Develop integrated campaigns that combine partnership opportunities, lead generation, and CRM strategies to drive conversions and sales.\n\nSet KPIs and monitor performance for go-to-market strategies, partnership initiatives, and event outcomes. Provide regular reports to senior leadership on progress, results, and areas for improvement.\n\nInnovation & Industry Insights: Stay ahead of industry trends and competitive landscape to ensure LeadX Pro’s offerings and positioning remain cutting-edge and relevant. Continuously look for new ways to expand our reach and create market opportunities.\n\nWHAT WE WISH YOU’D BRING WITH\n\nExperience in affiliate marketing, particularly within diverse verticals such as E-commerce, Leadgen, iGaming, Nutra, and Dating.\n\nAt least 3+ years of experience in go-to-market strategy, partnerships, business development, or event management. Strong background in working within performance marketing, media buying, or related industries such as ecommerce or lead generation.\n\nExtensive experience in identifying and establishing partnerships that drive growth. Strong network in the media buying, affiliate marketing, or related industries, with a deep understanding of where to find and nurture valuable partnerships.\n\nProven track record of successfully attending, organizing, and leading industry events, trade fairs, and conferences. Ability to create memorable, high-impact experiences that drive brand awareness and lead generation.\n\nStrong background in creating and executing lead generation strategies that yield measurable results. Experience with both online and offline lead gen tactics.\n\n Solid experience with CRM systems (e.g., Salesforce, HubSpot) and a data-driven approach to managing customer relationships, tracking leads, and optimizing communication strategies.\n\nStrong ability to think strategically while also being hands-on with execution. Excellent problem-solving and decision-making skills based on data and market insights.\n\nAbility to communicate effectively with internal teams, external partners, and at industry events. Strong negotiation and relationship-building skills, with a customer-focused approach.\n\nExperience working in international markets and navigating different cultural dynamics and business practices.\n\nNICE TO HAVE\n\nExperience with Multiple Vertical Markets: Knowledge of the nuances in industries such as iGaming, Nutra, dating, ecommerce, and leadgen.\n\nComfortable with marketing automation tools, CRM integrations, and the latest in digital marketing technologies.\n\nFluency in additional languages is a plus, particularly in English, Italian, French, Russian.\n\nProven ability to lead teams and work cross-functionally with sales, marketing, and product teams to execute successful go-to-market strategies.\n\nWHAT WE WOULD LIKE TO OFFER YOU\n\nJoin an innovative team during an exciting phase of growth.\n\nOpportunity for rapid growth within your role and beyond, through a career progression & internal rotation program.\n\nIndependence and full autonomy to shape your work as you prefer and suggest changes that truly make an impact.\n\nContract: contractor.\n\nCompensation: Fixed compensation & competitive bonuses\n\nFull remote\n\nD,E&I STATEMENT\n\nAt LeadXpro, we celebrate diversity and view it as an opportunity for growth and enrichment. In our organisation, we promote uniqueness and individuality, and we do not discriminate on the basis of disability, neurodiversity, gender identity, biological sex, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status (including pregnancy), age, ethnicity, origin, religion, political ideology, or other characteristics. Our selection processes are based on professional experience, attitude, and the talent of each candidate.\n\nESG STATEMENT\n\nWe are committed to minimising our environmental impact and promoting positive social change. Through the use of recycled, recyclable, and compostable packaging, and monitoring our emissions, waste, and energy consumption, we strive to minimise our footprint. At the same time, we partner with local, national, and international social organisations to create events, collaborations, and charitable initiatives that truly make a difference in our communities and beyond.\n\nFind out more on our career page.\n\nBy applying to this job at this company, you're agreeing to the candidate data privacy policy published on the website of the company. #LI-SA1"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b1738adc8d9c5fb7","title":"Web3 / Defi Product designer","company":"usual","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b1738adc8d9c5fb7","description":"About Usual\n\nUsual was born from a simple observation: dominant stablecoins operate like centralized banks — they capture billions in revenue and don't redistribute it. In parallel, most crypto tokenomics have failed to deliver long-term fairness, favoring insiders over users.\n\nWe're here to change that.\n\nUsual is the first stablecoin protocol that gives back ownership and value to its users. By turning users into stakeholders, we're building a more equitable financial infrastructure — one where value flows back to the community.\n\nIn just a few months, we built and launched a full protocol from scratch, introduced a new kind of stablecoin backed by tokenized US Treasuries (USD0), its yield-bearing counterpart (USD0++), and a revenue-sharing governance token ($USUAL). The protocol reached $1.8B in TVL at its peak and continues to evolve with major product and governance upgrades.\n\nWe're a small, focused team of DeFi natives with a strong execution track record and a clear ambition to reshape how value circulates in crypto.\n\n Your Role\n\nWe're looking for a Product Designer to take full ownership of design and user experience for a new product stack being developed inside Usual Lab.\n\nThis is a foundational role: you'll be the design lead within a small, autonomous squad — bridging design and development to ensure the products you design are implemented seamlessly and deliver the intended user experience.\n\nYour mission will be to translate complex mechanisms into intuitive user journeys, build the design system from scratch, and work hand-in-hand with engineers to bring your work into production.\n\nYou'll own the entire product design scope — and also play an active role in grooming, ticketing, syncing with devs, and following up on design implementation to ensure quality and alignment.\n\nThis role is perfect for someone who thrives in early-stage, fast-paced environments and wants to build real DeFi products from 0 1.\n\n‍ You'll Work Within a Dedicated Squad\nStack/Project Lead\nProduct Designer (you)\nTech Lead (Solidity)\n1 Solidity Engineer\n1 Backend Engineer\n1 Frontend Engineer\n1 Quant\n\n You will\nDesign elegant, user-centered experiences for a new DeFi product, from onboarding to edge cases.\nOwn and build a clean, scalable design system that sets the tone for this stack.\nCraft flows, interfaces, and prototypes that make complex interactions feel intuitive.\nWork closely with developers during grooming and implementation to ensure designs are understood, built to spec, and optimized in production.\nLead user journey mapping, interface structure, and micro-interactions.\nBuild high-fidelity prototypes and iterate quickly based on feedback.\nMaintain close collaboration with the product lead and engineers to ensure smooth delivery from design to deployment.\nContribute to brand and interface design for related web pages or dashboards.\n\n You Have\n4+ years in product or UX/UI design, ideally with experience in fintech or DeFi.\nExperience designing for Web3 platforms (wallets, tokens, flows, DeFi user behaviors).\nStrong design craft: attention to layout, micro-interactions, responsiveness, accessibility.\nFluency with Figma — including auto-layout, components, and prototyping.\nAbility to explain design decisions clearly to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.\nBonus: Experience with Framer or similar tools for building lightweight marketing pages.\nBonus: Experience collaborating directly with engineers on delivery and QA.\n\n You Are\nAutonomous and proactive — you take ownership and push things forward.\nCurious and comfortable working with technical teams.\nA strong communicator who builds trust across design and engineering.\nNot afraid to start from a blank page and make decisions in ambiguous contexts.\nPassionate about DeFi, crypto, and building for real users.\n\n What Success Looks Like\nA thoughtful, consistent user experience that makes complex DeFi mechanisms feel effortless.\nA design system that's scalable and easy for devs to implement.\nSmooth, collaborative workflows between design and engineering — ensuring what's in production matches what's been designed.\nClear product flows, fast iteration, and tight handoff between design and engineering.\nYou're the go-to person for product design decisions — and a key contributor to delivery quality.\n\n Why Join Us?\nWork in a small, elite team at the frontier of DeFi.\nTake full ownership of a product experience from day one.\nShape a new product stack with autonomy and velocity.\nShip real products with impact — no red tape, no middle layers.\nCompetitive salary and token options.\nRemote-first, async-friendly culture."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b21639373f85a913","title":"Head of Product, Shopify Apps (Remote)","company":"Vitals","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b21639373f85a913","description":"Looking For Impact? This Job’s For You\n\nJoin a market leader in the Shopify ecosystem and help shape the future of online retail.\n\nVitals is an all-in-one Shopify app that 150+ million shoppers interact with every month across 30,000+ stores worldwide. We’ve earned a perfect 5/5 rating (with thousands of glowing reviews) on the Shopify App Store, placing us in the top 0.1% of 13,000+ Shopify apps.\n\nAs a profitable, bootstrapped startup, we focus solely on delivering value to our merchants – no vanity projects or red tape, just a laser focus on building products that drive results. At the same time, we move quickly and value high-energy, action-oriented leaders who thrive in ambiguity and love to get things done.\n\nIf you’re an experienced Head of Product with Shopify expertise, a strong technical background, and the ability to prototype AI-driven solutions, this role is for you.\n\nWhy you should join us\n\nShape the future of the Shopify ecosystem: Lead product strategy at one of the most popular apps on Shopify. Your work will directly influence the success of tens of thousands of e-commerce businesses.\n\nRemote-first flexibility: Work from anywhere (EMEA time zone preferred) with 100% remote forever.\n\nBootstrapped & stable: Join a profitable startup with real customers and steady growth. No external investors means we prioritize product quality and user happiness above all else.\n\nAI-driven culture: Use AI tools not just in engineering, but in product discovery, fast prototyping, and customer insights. We encourage experimentation with new AI-driven workflows to accelerate innovation.\n\nLeadership impact & ownership: Small, agile team where transparency, ownership, and diversity are valued. You’ll build and scale the product organization, shaping the way millions of people experience e-commerce.\n\nWhat you will be doing (Responsibilities)\n\nDefine and own the product vision & strategy: Partner with founders and leadership to set long-term direction for Vitals, aligning product with business goals and merchant success.\n\nBuild and lead the product team: Hire, mentor, and manage Product Managers, establishing product processes and culture.\n\nDrive cross-functional alignment: Work across engineering, design, marketing, and customer success to ensure the product roadmap delivers impact.\n\nChampion customer-first discovery: Run structured discovery processes, ensuring the voice of merchants drives decision-making at scale.\n\nScale product execution: Create frameworks for prioritization and resource allocation across 40+ apps, balancing short-term wins with long-term investments.\n\nPromote product excellence: Ensure solutions are not just functional but delightful, maintaining Vitals’ reputation as one of the most loved apps in the Shopify ecosystem.\n\nExperiment with AI-powered solutions: Encourage the team to prototype, test, and iterate quickly using modern tools and workflows.\n\nWhat we’re looking for (Requirements)\n\nProven product leadership: 10+ years of experience in product management, including leading and scaling product teams in SaaS or e-commerce.\n\nShopify expertise: You understand the Shopify ecosystem deeply – either from building apps or working directly with merchants.\n\nTechnical fluency: You’re not necessarily coding, but you can talk to engineers, understand trade-offs, and guide technical decisions with confidence.\n\nAI-first mindset: Great at using AI tools for prototyping, analysis, and discovery. Experience leveraging AI in product workflows is a big plus.\n\nAnalytical & user-focused: Strong ability to work with data and customer insights to guide prioritization and decision-making.\n\nStrategic & executional balance: You can zoom out to set vision and zoom in to solve detailed problems.\n\nExcellent communicator: Able to clearly express product ideas across teams, with structured writing and storytelling.\n\nOrg builder: Experience establishing product processes, scaling teams, and building high-performance cultures in a startup environment.\n\nStartup mindset: High energy, bias towards action, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, evolving environment with limited structure.\n\nBonus points\n\nPrior experience launching or scaling Shopify apps.\n\nExperience building AI-driven consumer or SaaS products.\n\nStrong UI/UX sense with the ability to sketch or prototype interfaces.\n\nFamiliarity with Shape Up or other outcome-based product development frameworks.\n\nWhat we offer\n\nCompetitive compensation: We reward top talent with competitive pay.\n\nRemote work, always: Freedom to work from anywhere in the world. We trust you to get work done in the environment that suits you best. (Our team currently operates around EMEA time zones for collaboration.)\n\nGrowth & learning: Work on a product at massive scale using the latest tech. Experiment with AI-driven tools, push your product craft, and grow alongside a world-class team.\n\nImpactful work: Your contributions directly shape the product and user experience for thousands of merchants and millions of shoppers.\n\nSupportive culture: Join a team that values transparency, ownership, and work-life balance. We celebrate diversity and believe in empowering every member.\n\nReady to join us?\n\nIf you’re a proactive Head of Product who excels in a startup environment, loves building and scaling product teams, and thrives at the intersection of Shopify, strategy, and AI innovation, we’d love to hear from you!\n\nLet’s build the future of e-commerce together."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b5cad1a1ca3edd74","title":"Account Executive – EMEA (EU Remote)","company":"Gurobi Optimization","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b5cad1a1ca3edd74","description":"At Gurobi Optimization, we're on a mission!\n\nA mission that focuses on mathematical optimization. We empower our customers to expand their use of mathematical optimization technology in order to make smarter decisions and solve some of the world's toughest and most impactful business problems. We're looking for passionate, dedicated, innovative game-changers to join our team and drive the future of Gurobi.\n\nAs an Account Executive at Gurobi Optimization, your role will involve engaging and inspiring potential customers and expanding our existing client base in your assigned region. This includes managing both outbound prospecting efforts to uncover new opportunities and inbound leads requiring thoughtful follow-up. You will implement a land-and-expand strategy to grow revenue within existing accounts while identifying new buying centers and leveraging your technical B2B software sales expertise. Your advanced skills in building partnerships and fostering cross-functional engagement will be crucial.\n\nAdditionally, we will rely on your knowledge of the SaaS industry to drive engagement in markets beyond our optimization space. By presenting our solver in a user-friendly manner, you will captivate new audiences and generate demand across various industries.\nWhat you will be doing?\nDrive outbound sales strategies, including prospecting and account-based marketing, to penetrate high-value enterprise markets.\nExecute a robust land-and-expand strategy, increasing account value through upselling and cross-selling initiatives.\nManage complex, multi-stakeholder sales cycles with technical and executive-level engagement, ensuring client alignment and satisfaction.\nAct as a trusted advisor, delivering tailored solutions that meet client objectives while maximizing account potential.\nMaintain and grow a robust pipeline, qualify opportunities effectively to prioritize high-impact accounts and ensure efficient resource allocation.\nAttend trade shows and company training events to expand outreach and increase brand visibility.\nCoordinate and collaborate cross-functionally across our global organization to ensure smooth operations and maximize sales opportunities.\nKeep the CRM system up-to-date with accurate and relevant information about clients and prospects.\nProvide management with well-informed forecasts and reports on sales progress and future opportunities.\nStay informed about best practices, competitive threats, and developments in the optimization space to maintain a competitive edge.\nDocument and track your progress in the CRM system to ensure transparency and accountability.\nWhat experience and qualifications should you have?\n5+ years of experience in B2B SaaS sales or enterprise account management with a proven ability to exceed revenue targets.\nA Bachelor's degree in a business or communication-related or equivalent work experience.\nTechnical and engineering education is a plus.\n Proficiency in both written and spoken English. Additional language skills are a plus.\nWhat skills and abilities should you have?\nAbility to identify and develop analytics to increase awareness of Gurobi's offerings in the assigned region.\nProficiency in delivering presentations and training sessions effectively.\nExpertise in negotiation to secure favorable outcomes for Gurobi and its clients.\nStrong conflict resolution skills to protect the customer experience and enhance Gurobi's image.\nAbility to create compelling value propositions for partners.\nProficiency in strategic and analytical thinking to assess decisions' internal and external impact.\nAptitude for using data to plan and execute strategies effectively.\nComfortable working with international teams in a cross-functional capacity.\nSatisfaction and ability to operate effectively from a home office in a remote work environment.\nWillingness to travel as required according to the specified level.\nAbility to participate in meetings across different time zones within reasonable expectations.\nMotivated ambition to achieve assigned Objective Key Results (OKRs).\nCommitment to upholding company policies and procedures.\nWhat other requirements should you have?\nAdvanced-level technical B2B SaaS sales experience: Demonstrated expertise and success in selling B2B software solutions in a technical environment.\nFluency with macOS, Microsoft 365, and Power BI: Proficiency in using these tools to effectively manage and analyze data, collaborate, and deliver presentations.\nComfortable with learning and utilizing Salesforce: Ability to quickly learn and leverage Salesforce, a widely used customer relationship management (CRM) platform, to effectively manage sales activities and customer interactions.\nComfortable working in an international setting and with a US-based company.\nWhere applicable, a valid passport and the ability to obtain necessary international travel documents.\nYour Alignment with our Gurobi Core Values:\nCustomer Focus: Verbal & written communication skills that bring clarity and build trust.\nPower of the Team: Motivated with a team-oriented mindset that aims to both inspire and be inspired by others.\nInnovation: The courage to bring ideas forward and see yourself as an integral part of our global team.\nDedication: Organized and agile, focusing on meeting professional objectives while promoting a healthy work/life balance.\nIntegrity: Promise to uphold honesty as your compass and conduct all business practices with an ethical mindset and fiscal responsibility.\nGurobi Optimization is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.\n\nGurobi Optimization is an E-Verify employer. As part of our hiring process, we utilize the federal E-Verify program to verify the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. For additional information regarding E-Verify, please visit www.e-verify.gov.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b6c66ab8f488051a","title":"Technico-commercial(e) H/F","company":"STORKCOM","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":50000,\"salaryMin\":25000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 25 000 € à 50 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b6c66ab8f488051a","description":"*À propos du poste*\nFiliale IT du groupe Green Business Company, Storkcom accompagne depuis plus de 20 ans des professionnels du secteur de l’Industrie, de la Santé, et des Vins & Spiritueux dans leur double transition, digitale et environnementale.\n\nEditeur et intégrateur de solutions RFID/IoT, Storkcom propose une offre complète de solutions connectées personnalisables et modulaires pour accompagner ses clients vers un futur plus responsable et centré sur l’humain.\n\nDans le cadre de son développement, Storkcom renforce son équipe commerciale et recherche un(e) technico-commercial(e).\n\n*Vos missions*\n\n* Développement du chiffre d’affaires sur votre secteur d’activité\n* Qualification et transformation des leads (salons, contacts entrants, prospection…)\n* Suivi et développement d’un portefeuille client existant\n* Et bien d’autres car vous serez force de proposition…\n\nVous serez l’ambassadeur/ambassadrice d’une société d’ores et déjà reconnue pour son expertise dans le domaine des solutions connectées, qui porte des valeurs d’excellence, d’engagement et de confiance, et qui attache une attention particulière à la satisfaction de ses clients.\n\n*Votre profil*\n\nVous avez une expérience de plusieurs années dans la vente de solutions techniques, high tech et/ou logicielles, et vous maîtrisez la commercialisation de solutions complexes, intégrant matériel et prestations.\n\nSans être nécessairement expert des solutions connectées et des technologies sans contact, vous êtes suffisamment à l’aise avec la technologie pour pouvoir échanger avec des interlocuteurs techniques et en même temps vous savez faire abstraction de la technique pour en démontrer la valeur ajoutée et le ROI auprès de nos clients.\n\nAvec le goût du contact client, vous êtes à l’écoute et vous disposez d’un relationnel qui vous permet d’aborder des profils d’interlocuteurs variés et de haut niveau. Ce qui vous motive c’est d’accompagner des PME, ETI et Grands Comptes dans leur transformation digitale et environnementale, en leur proposant des solutions qui leur permettront de concilier compétitivité et écoresponsabilité.\n\n*Vos soft skills*\n\n* Vous êtes volontaire, mobile et rapidement autonome\n* Vous avez le sens du service client et l’exigence de la qualité\n* Vous avez le goût de l’innovation et vous disposez d’une bonne capacité d’adaptation\n\nRémunération motivante (fixe + variable).\n\nPoste en télétravail avec des déplacements fréquents en France et ponctuellement en Europe, et des visites régulières à La Rochelle (pour voir la mer… et l’équipe Storkcom !).\n\nVous avez envie de rejoindre une équipe dynamique et passionnée, une entreprise à taille humaine et à la fois structurée. Vous souhaitez allier technologie et développement durable au sein d’un groupe leader dans les solutions connectées pour le secteur de l’environnement. Et surtout vous êtes prêt(e) à prendre part à une véritable aventure dans l’innovation ? Alors on vous attend !\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\nStatut : Cadre\n\nRémunération : 25 000,00€ à 50 000,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Flextime\n* Prise en charge du transport quotidien\n* RTT\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Quel(s) outil(s) CRM avez-vous déjà utilisé ?\n* Avez-vous l'habitude de faire des démonstrations logicielles ?\n\nExpérience:\n* vente  de solutions techniques ou logicielles: 1 an (Requis)\n\nPermis/certification:\n* Permis B (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8601a3e7c88d56f","title":"Customer Success Manager","company":"UnderDefense","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b8601a3e7c88d56f","description":"Who We Are:\nUnderDefense was founded to make Cybersecurity simple and available for every organization, enable compliance and eliminate cyberattack risks with true 24×7 Security Assurance. Our combination of self-service, cloud-native technology, super-effective processes, and expertise is preventing breaches every day. We are completely changing the way security is delivered and setting a new standard for security. If our mission resonates with you, let’s talk!\n\nWhat we can do for you:\n\nBe part of a high-growth journey: help scale a double-digit growth business that’s transforming cybersecurity and compliance.\nInnovate without limits: work with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies that are shaping the future of security.\nMake an impact: your contributions will directly influence our growth, customer success, and market leadership.\nRecognized excellence: join a company celebrated by Gartner, Clutch, and G2 for exceptional performance and client satisfaction.\nAt UnderDefense, you’re not just filling a role—you’re shaping the future of cybersecurity.\n\nWhat you can do for us:\nThe main focus for Customer Success Manager within the company is paid to customer engagement, customer expansion and retention. Thus, effective candidates are responsible for:\n\nUnderstanding customer business goals and providing security solutions that align with their requirements.\nDeveloping strong customer relationships and gaining insights into customer initiatives, key decision-makers, and business processes to effectively communicate how our products/services contribute to their overall goals.\nIdentifying and escalating at-risk customer situations to ensure timely resolution and customer satisfaction.\nProactively achieving sales and revenue targets by maintaining existing customer revenue and introducing new services from our product/solution portfolio.\nConducting bill reviews when needed to ensure customer understanding of invoicing.\nExceeding assigned quotas through exceptional relationship building and top-tier customer service.\nProspecting for new business and expanding our customer network through referrals and effective collaboration with marketing and account teams.\nClosing new accounts and cross-selling additional products and solutions to existing assigned accounts.\nLeveraging cross-functional resources, including Sales Development Reps, Account Managers, Marketing, Delivery teams, to achieve success.\n\nRequirements:\n\nUnderstanding of both cybersecurity and managed IT services, and their application in solving challenges for SMB, mid-market, and enterprise businesses.\nExperience in working with IT product company in Account/Customer Success Manager role.\nExperience working cross-functionally with an account team, providing account management and support to assigned projects and service teams.\nProven track record of customer retention and upsells.\nSkilled in conducting discovery calls and demos that effectively diagnose prospects’ pains and problems.\nProven ability to lead all aspects of a technology sales cycle, including prospecting, qualifying, developing, and winning net-new territories and accounts.\nProven skills in forecasting, pipeline development, reporting, and key performance metric development.\n\nNice to have:\n\nExperience in selling or consulting for Cybersecurity, MSP, MSSP, or related technology.\nExperience selling various product lines, including network security, managed security services, cloud security, penetration testing, vulnerability management, endpoint, threat intelligence, and products from various reputable vendors like Fortinet, Cisco, CrowdStrike, Huntress, SentinelOne, Extreme, SolarWinds, LogRhythm, etc.\n\nPersonal skills:\n\nYou thrive in a team environment, showcasing superior leadership, presentation, and planning abilities, as well as excellent verbal and written communication skills.\nStrong business acumen, translating business requirements into relevant solutions.\nYou remain flexible and composed under stress, effectively managing multiple priorities simultaneously.\nActive listener with excellent oral and written communication skills, and adept at handling difficult conversations.\nEffective communication with customers and various levels of management, both verbally and in written form.\nCapacity to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.\nA team-player mentality, always willing to share knowledge and support others.\n\nSalary? Firstly, we value personality and want to get to know you as a professional. We do not set financial limits for the position and try to find common ground with each candidate individually. Let’s find out how we can benefit each other.\n\nAbout other benefits:\n\n$$$ for the right candidate\nTeam. That’s what’s really matter. Rare & Cool people, personalities, PROs.\nInnovative and dynamic work environment focused on product development.\nRemote/Flexible working hours to accommodate personal commitments.\nOpportunities for global collaboration with teams around the world.\nCool customers. Freedom to Build it RIGHT! Finally. Quick decision making.\nOther things are available, accept the Offer\nAbout this position\n\nLocation\n\nRemote/ Office\n\nEmployment type\n\nFull time\n\nDepartment\n\nSales\nGot Questions?\nLet Us Help!\n\nJulia Chalaidiuk\nRecruitment Specialist\njob@underdefense.com"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba2c8a33fe738d92","title":"Account Manager (France)","company":"BitSight","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba2c8a33fe738d92","description":"Bitsight is a cyber risk management leader transforming how companies manage exposure, performance, and risk for themselves and their third parties. Companies rely on Bitsight to prioritize their cybersecurity investments, build greater trust within their ecosystem, and reduce their chances of financial loss.\nBuilt on over a decade of technological innovation, its integrated solutions deliver value across enterprise security performance, digital supply chains, cyber insurance, and data analysis.\n\nWe invented the cyber ratings industry in 2011\nOver 3000 customers trust Bitsight\nOver 750 teammates are dispersed throughout Boston, Raleigh, New York, Lisbon, Singapore, and remote\n\nThis position reports to the Senior Director of Commercial/Enterprise Renewals and Expansion, EMEA. This person will be responsible for driving expansion to their designated Bitsight territory. They’ll be tasked with driving revenue daily, solving complex problems, and fostering relationships with thought leaders and executives within the assigned territory.\n\nThis position will be measured based on the achievement of both client retention and expansion targets.\n\nResponsibilities:\n\nDevelop and execute a territory plan to maximize client retention, contract upgrades, and the sales of Bitsight products and services\n\nArticulate the business and technical value of BitSight’s product offerings\n\nAct as a strategic advisor to client with the goal of widening Bitsight’s footprint\n\nEstablish and build C-Level relationships with designated clients\n\nAccurately forecast all deals monthly / quarterly to leadership\n\nIdentify and articulate the strategic, organizational, and financial goals of assigned clients\n\nDevelop and execute account plans and sales campaigns for specific assigned clients\n\nWork cross-functionally within Bitsight to define and drive the execution of action plans to improve and/or optimize the use of Bitsight products and services\n\nMaintain current and accurate account information and contact information within CRM for all accounts\n\nJob Requirements:\n\n2-4 years of successful progressive experience as Senior Account Manager or similar\n\nBachelor’s Degree required - preferably in a business discipline\n\nSaaS experience is required\n\nCyber security and cyber risk management experience highly valued\n\nFluency in English and French is mandatory\n\nPrevious experience in the French market is required\n\nPrevious experience in Benelux and Nordics markets is a plus\n\nTerritory and contract management skills\n\nEfficient time management and organizational skills are mandatory\n\nStrong consultative and solution-selling skills\n\nProven leadership skills in both independent and team environments\n\nStrong relationship orientation\n\nExcellent communication skills (written and verbal)\n\nHigh energy level, high degree of integrity, self-motivated, positive attitude, proactive approach to work, confidence\n\nProven track record in a client-focused environment\n\nBelonging & Inclusion. Bitsight is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability.\n\nCulture. We put our people first. Bitsight offers best in class benefits. We devote the same energy to nurturing our company's inclusive culture as we apply to serving our customers' needs. Working at Bitsight will give you the opportunity to fulfill your professional goals and expand your skills.\n\nOpen-minded. If you got to this point, we hope you’re feeling excited about the job description you just read. Even if you don’t feel that you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply. We’re eager to meet people that believe in Bitsight’s mission and can contribute to our team in a variety of ways.\n\nBitsight also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities or based on a sincerely held religious belief in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email recruiting@bitsight.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.\n\nAdditional Information for United States of America Applicants:\n\nBitsight is committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.\n\nBitsight will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.\n\nMassachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.\n\nQualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with applicable law.\n\nThis position may be considered a promotional opportunity pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba46495cb8a92208","title":"Sales Representative – Europe","company":"Diagnoly","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":90000,\"salaryMin\":60000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 60 000 € à 90 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba46495cb8a92208","description":"Diagnoly is redefining obstetric and maternal-fetal medicine through real-time AI in ultrasound. We are seeking a driven and ambitious Sales Representative for Europe. This role is ideal for motivated, hands-on sales professionals who want to make a real impact in women’s health. You will play a key role in building Diagnoly’s presence in Europe, particularly with large OB and MFM clinics, health systems, and private practices.\n\n*Key Responsibilities*\n\n* Prospect and develop new business opportunities across OB/GYN and MFM clinics, hospitals and hospital networks.\n* Develop and manage a robust sales pipeline, ensuring accurate forecasting and timely reporting.\n* Lead product presentations, demos and discussions with clinicians, department managers and administrators.\n* Navigate healthcare purchasing and contracting processes.\n* Collaborate cross-functional with internal teams (Clinical, Marketing, Product, and Leadership) to drive customer success.\n* Negotiate agreements and close deals to meet or exceed sales targets.\n* Represent Diagnoly at industry events, conferences and professional society meetings.\n* Capture and communicate customer and market insights.\n* Consistently achieve activity goals related to prospecting, meetings, proposals, and closures.\n\n*Candidate Profile*\n\n* Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in Business, Healthcare, Biomedical Engineering, or related field.\n* 2–5 years of sales experience, ideally in Healthcare, SaaS, AI, or Medical Technology.\n* Experience selling SaaS solutions or medical technologies within healthcare provider environments.\n* Strong communication and presentation skills, with ability to engage clinicians and executives alike.\n* Proven ability to build and manage a sales pipeline, forecast revenue, and meet sales quotas.\n* Comfortable working in start-up/scale-up environments with a hands-on, doer mentality.\n* High energy, proactive, and willing to go the extra mile to win new customers.\n* Willingness to travel for customer meetings and events (up to 50%).\n* Fluency in English required\n\n*Preferred*\n\n* Understanding of healthcare IT workflows, particularly DICOM and integration processes.\n* Proficiency with CRM tools (HubSpot preferred) and modern sales enablement tools.\n* Spanish, French or German would be a plus.\n\n*What We Offer*\n\n* Opportunity to work with a mission-driven company revolutionizing women’s health.\n* A collaborative and entrepreneurial environment with a fast-growing startup.\n* Competitive compensation including base salary and commission structure.\n* Remote position with travel across Europe as needed.\n* Growth potential into Senior Sales or Account Executive roles.\n\nType d'emploi : CDI\nStatut : Cadre\n\nRémunération : 60 000,00€ à 90 000,00€ par an\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bcd90db16ef01e04","title":"CDI - Directeur/Directrice du Cloud et des Technologies // Head of Cloud & Technology - SBS - Beyrouth / Paris","company":"Sopra Steria","location":"{\"city\":\"Courbevoie\",\"postalCode\":\"92400\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"92400 Courbevoie\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Courbevoie (92)\",\"latitude\":48.8967,\"longitude\":2.2567,\"streetAddress\":\"Place de la Défense 1 bis\",\"fullAddress\":\"92400 Courbevoie\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bcd90db16ef01e04","description":"Description de l'entreprise\n\nSBS est un leader mondial de technologies financières qui aide les banques et l'industrie des services financiers à réimaginer leur rôle dans un monde de plus en plus numérique. SBS est un partenaire de confiance de plus de 1 500 institutions financières et prêteurs à grande échelle dans 80 pays à travers le monde, dont Santander, Société Générale, KCB Bank, Kensington Mortgages, Mercedes-Benz et Toyota FS. Sa plateforme cloud offre à ses clients une architecture composable pour la numérisation des opérations, allant de la banque au crédit et du reporting règlementaire aux paiements, en passant par la finance des consommateurs et des actifs.\n\nAvec 3 400 employés répartis dans 50 bureaux, SBS est reconnue comme l'une des 10 premières entreprises européennes de technologies financières par IDC et comme leader dans l'Univers Omdia : Plates-formes bancaires numériques. Le siège de SBS se situe à Paris, France.\n\nSBS is a global financial technology company that’s helping banks and the financial services industry to reimagine how to operate in an increasingly digital world. SBS is a trusted partner of more than 1,500 financial institutions and large-scale lenders in 80 countries worldwide, including Santander, Societé Generale, KCB Bank, Kensington Mortgages, Mercedes-Benz, and Toyota FS. Its cloud platform offers clients a composable architecture to digitize operations, ranging from banking, lending, compliance, to payments, and consumer and asset finance.\n\nWith 3,400 employees in 50 offices, SBS is recognized as a Top 10 European Fintech company by IDC and as a leader in Omdia’s Universe: Digital Banking Platforms. SBS is headquartered in Paris, France.\n\nDescription du poste\n\nNous sommes un éditeur de logiciels reconnu, fournissant des solutions de Core Banking à des institutions financières de premier plan à travers le monde.\n\nNotre produit est déployé sur site (On Premise) chez nos clients ainsi qu’en mode Services Managés, où nous assurons l’infrastructure, les opérations et la gestion des applications.\n\nDans le cadre de notre transformation et afin de renforcer la qualité et la résilience de nos services, nous créons un nouveau poste stratégique de direction : Responsable Cloud et Technologies.\n\nVotre mission :\n\nRattaché(e) directement au Directeur Général, vous définirez et piloterez la stratégie technologique et cloud sur l’ensemble de notre gamme de produits.\nVous serez responsable des performances, de la scalabilité, de la fiabilité et de la pérennité technique du produit, qu’il soit déployé sur site ou en Services Managés.\n\nVous travaillerez en étroite collaboration avec le Responsable de l’Ingénierie (développement produit) et le Responsable de la Relation Client (support et gestion des opérations) pour garantir l’excellence sur l’ensemble de la chaîne de livraison.\n\nResponsabilités principales :\n\nTechnologie & Architecture\n\nDéfinir la stratégie et la feuille de route Cloud & Infrastructure.\nConcevoir les architectures cibles pour des déploiements hybrides et cloud-native.\nPiloter l’automatisation, la standardisation et la résilience des environnements.\n\nLeadership & Management d’équipe\n\nDiriger les équipes en charge de l’architecture, du DevOps, de la gestion de l’infrastructure et des opérations.\nFavoriser une culture d’excellence technique et d’amélioration continue.\nCollaborer étroitement avec les responsables produits et services pour aligner les priorités.\n\nExécution & Qualité de service\n\nGarantir la stabilité, la performance et la disponibilité des plateformes.\nSuperviser les projets d’adoption du cloud, y compris les migrations.\nAssurer la conformité avec les exigences de sécurité, d’audit et de SLA de niveau bancaire.\n\nWe are a recognized software vendor providing Core Banking solutions to leading financial institutions worldwide. Our product is deployed On Premise at client sites as well as in Managed Services, where we deliver full infrastructure, operations, and application management.\n\nAs part of our transformation journey and to reinforce the quality and resilience of our services, we are creating a new strategic leadership role: Head of Cloud & Technology.\n\nYour Mission :\n\nReporting directly to the General Manager, you will define and lead the technology and cloud strategy across our product line. You will own the performance, scalability, reliability and technical future-proofness of the Product that support both On Premise and Managed Services deployments.\n\nYou will work hand in hand with the Head of Engineering (product development) and the Head of Customer Success (Support and run management) to ensure excellence across the full delivery chain.\n\nKey Responsibilities :\n\nTechnology & Architecture\nDefine the cloud & infrastructure strategy and roadmap.\nDesign target architectures for hybrid and cloud-native deployments.\nDrive automation, standardization, and resilience across environments.\nLeadership & Team Management\nLead teams in architecture, DevOps, infrastructure management, and operations.\nFoster a culture of technical excellence and continuous improvement.\nCollaborate closely with product and service leadership to align on priorities.\nExecution & Service Quality\nEnsure platform stability, performance, and availability.\nOversee cloud adoption projects, including migrations.\nGuarantee compliance with banking-grade security, audit, and SLA requirements.\n\nQualifications\n\nPlus de 10 ans d’expérience dans les domaines du cloud, de l’infrastructure et des opérations IT, avec une expérience significative en management.\nExpérience avérée dans des environnements SaaS, FinTech, éditeurs de logiciels ou services managés.\nExpertise approfondie sur les technologies suivantes : Oracle, IBM iSeries (AS/400), Java EE / IBM WebSphere, Git/GitLab, ainsi que sur les architectures hybrides et on-premise.\nSolide expérience en DevOps, CI/CD, Infrastructure-as-Code, observabilité et sécurité.\nExpérience confirmée dans la gestion d’environnements critiques et réglementés.\nExcellentes compétences en leadership et en communication, avec une capacité à interagir aussi bien avec des équipes techniques qu’avec des dirigeants (C-level).\nAnglais courant (la maîtrise du français est un atout).\n\nCe que nous offrons :\n\nUn rôle de direction stratégique au cœur de la transformation technologique de nos solutions de Core Banking.\nL’opportunité de concevoir, construire et piloter une organisation Cloud & Technologies performante.\nUn environnement international à la pointe des technologies bancaires.\n\nProfile We’re Looking For :\n\n10+ years in cloud, infrastructure, and IT operations, with significant leadership experience.\nProven track record in SaaS, FinTech, software vendor, or managed services environments.\nDeep expertise in Oracle, IBM iSeries (AS/400), Java EE/ IBM WebSphere, Git/GitLab, as well as hybrid/on-premise architectures.\nStrong background in DevOps, CI/CD, Infrastructure-as-Code, observability, and security.\nExperienced in running mission-critical, regulated environments.\nExceptional leadership and communication skills, capable of engaging with both C-level and technical teams.\nFluent English (French a strong plus).\n\nWhat We Offer\n\nA pivotal leadership role shaping the technology backbone of our Core Banking solutions.\nThe opportunity to design, build, and lead a trasnformation to target a high-performing cloud & technology organization.\n\nAn international environment at the forefront of banking technology\n\nInformations supplémentaires\n\nLes avantages à nous rejoindre :\n\nUn accord télétravail pour télétravailler jusqu'à 2 jours par semaine selon vos missions.\nUn package avantages intéressants : une mutuelle, un CSE, des titres restaurants, un accord d'intéressement, des primes vacances et cooptation"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd95f27db61b1e44","title":"Responsable Régional des Ventes - France","company":"Fieldpiece Instruments","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":72778.203125,\"salaryMin\":36196.33984375,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 36 196,34 € à 72 778,20 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bd95f27db61b1e44","description":"*\\*\\*Kindly submit your resume in English*\n\n*Fieldpiece recrute un(e) Responsable Régional(e) des Ventes pour la région Nord de la France.*\n\nVous serez le visage de Fieldpiece dans votre région : vous développerez le chiffre d’affaires, gagnerez des parts de marché et établirez des relations de confiance avec les distributeurs et les professionnels du HVACR (chauffage, ventilation, climatisation, réfrigération). Vous gérerez l’ensemble du cycle de vente, de la génération de leads jusqu’à la livraison des commandes et au support après-vente. Ce poste nécessite jusqu’à 80 % de déplacements pour rencontrer les partenaires, participer à des événements, réaliser des démonstrations produits et identifier de nouvelles opportunités commerciales.\n\n*Profil idéal :*\nVous avez une expérience dans les secteurs du HVACR, des outils électroportatifs, de la construction et/ou de la plomberie. Vous avez une affinité pour les produits techniques complexes et vous êtes motivé(e) à vous déplacer pour rencontrer distributeurs et techniciens afin de réaliser des présentations et démonstrations qui stimulent les ventes. Vous justifiez de plus de 5 ans d’expérience en vente B2B, en collaboration avec des distributeurs pour développer le chiffre d’affaires.\n\n*À propos de Fieldpiece :*\nFieldpiece est une entreprise familiale basée aux États-Unis, qui fournit depuis 1990 aux professionnels du HVACR des outils robustes et innovants, tels que des multimètres, manifolds, détecteurs de fuites, etc. Fieldpiece est un leader du secteur par sa manière de penser, de travailler et de collaborer, avec un objectif constant : concevoir des produits qui permettent aux professionnels du HVACR d’exceller. Élue « Best Place to Work in Southern California » en 2023 et 2024, nous sommes fiers de notre culture centrée sur l’humain et de notre philosophie « Hire to Retire ». Si vous aimez les environnements où les défis sont relevés, où l’ambiguïté nourrit l’innovation, et où la confiance et la transparence fondent les relations, cette opportunité est faite pour vous.\n\n*Vos missions :*\n\n* Développer et entretenir des relations clients solides pour accroître les ventes et la pénétration du marché.\n* Exécuter un processus de vente structuré, incluant le suivi des leads et la priorisation des opportunités.\n* Identifier et prospecter de nouveaux clients grâce au réseautage et à la prospection.\n* Fournir un service client irréprochable et des réponses rapides aux demandes.\n* Maîtriser et présenter l’expertise technique des produits et solutions Fieldpiece.\n* Surveiller l’activité concurrentielle et partager les informations marché pour guider la stratégie.\n* Utiliser le CRM pour suivre les activités, le pipeline et générer des rapports de vente.\n* Représenter Fieldpiece lors de salons, démonstrations et événements professionnels.\n* Contribuer à l’amélioration continue des processus de vente et de l’expérience client.\n\n*Votre profil :*\n\n* Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en vente, idéalement dans les outils HVACR, les instruments de mesure ou produits techniques.\n* Antécédents de réussite dans l’atteinte (ou dépassement) des objectifs de vente selon un processus structuré.\n* Excellentes compétences relationnelles, de négociation et de communication.\n* Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais.\n* Autonomie, sens des responsabilités et fort engagement vers les résultats.\n* Capacité à gérer efficacement plusieurs clients, événements et projets en parallèle.\n* Aisance dans la prise de parole en public, en face-à-face comme devant des groupes.\n* Maîtrise de Microsoft Office et des outils CRM ; une expérience ERP est un plus.\n* Sensibilité interculturelle et solides compétences en communication interculturelle.\n* Disponibilité pour voyager fréquemment (jusqu’à 80 % du temps).\n\n*Ce que nous offrons :*\n\n* Une équipe dynamique, collaborative et conviviale dans une entreprise en forte croissance\n* Un package salarial compétitif avec un système de bonus attractif\n* Une philosophie « Hire to Retire » avec de réelles opportunités d’évolution de carrière\n\nL’enthousiasme, les compétences et l’engagement de notre équipe mondiale sont ce qui nous distingue\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein\n\nRémunération : 36 196,34€ à 72 778,20€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Véhicule de fonction\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Kindly submit your resume in English.\n\nLangue:\n* English (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bda6061cf59e6a70","title":"Document Checking Team Lead","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=bda6061cf59e6a70","description":"We have an exciting new opportunity for a Document Checking Team Lead to join the A&O Shearman Belfast office.\n\nWhat you will do\n\nThe role of the Team Lead is to oversee the day-today operation and people management of the Document Checking department, ensuring a high level of service delivery 24/7.\n\nThis will include:\n\nLine management\n\nManaging the team effectively by conducting individual feedback sessions, one-on-one meetings and regular team meetings\n\nManaging and reviewing staff training and development\n\nMonitoring the high performance of team members\n\nEngaging in conversations about process improvements and more efficient work methods\n\nOrganising appropriate resourcing for absences\n\nInducting new staff into the department and leading the recruitment process for any vacancies\n\nService delivery\n\nMaintaining a high level of service which exceeds client expectations\n\nAddressing service failures, recommending solutions, and escalating issues as required\n\nEnsuring continuity of service\n\nProactivity in managing team capacity with the ability to react quickly and appropriately to changes in client and business needs\n\nSpecific departmental responsibilities\n\nConsulting with Document Expert to provide feedback and guidance to the team on technical points\n\nWorking closely with colleagues to ensure smooth handover at start and end of shift\n\nOverseeing larger projects within Document Services\n\nDeveloping technical knowledge through training and work-shadowing as appropriate\n\nWhat you will have\n\nThorough understanding of what exceptional client service looks like\n\nSuccessful record in people management in a professional services setting\n\nAbility to build strong relationships and communicate with a range of stakeholders at all levels\n\nExperience of working in a busy deadline-driven environment, preferably 24/7\n\nStrong planning and organisational skills, with demonstrated ability to multitask, work effectively and manage personal deadlines\n\nCommitment to continuous service improvement and innovation\n\nFlexibility to travel to the London office to meet with the team\n\nWhat we can offer you\n\nAt A&O Shearman, we recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services including GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise the value of flexible working and embrace hybrid working, allowing our people to work from home up to 40% of their working time. We do however remain committed to working together in person for the remaining 60% of time so that we can learn, grow and succeed together.\n\nPlease note this role is based in the A&O Shearman Belfast office, with an onsite presence required in line with our hybrid working policy.\n\nIf this role is not of interest we may have another suitable opportunity here for you at A&O Shearman! Visit our careers portal at A&O Shearman Careers and submit your CV to our Talent Network to be notified when the perfect opportunity becomes available."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=be291d71deb924f4","title":"Business Development Representative (UKI Market)","company":"PHOTOROOM","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=be291d71deb924f4","description":"About us\n\nPhotoroom launched in 2020 after being accepted into Y Combinator and has become the world's most popular AI photo editor over the past four years. Our goal is to create the technology allowing anyone create studio-level product images in minutes.\n\nWith over 300 million downloads and processing 5+ billion images annually, we serve both individual creators and major enterprises like Amazon, DoorDash, and Decathlon through our B2C app and B2B API solutions.\n\nWe're a profitable, remote-friendly company that has raised Series B funding and aims for 40% year-over-year growth. Our team of 100+ passionate builders focuses on craft, innovation, and collaboration, creating exceptional impact for entrepreneurs and businesses worldwide.\n\nRole Summary\n\nWe're looking for a Business Development Representative to build and scale our B2B sales pipeline. You'll identify and qualify high-value prospects in key verticals while generating 20+ qualified leads monthly for our sales team.\n\nCompensation: €50k-65k OTE + Stock-Options/BSPCE\nLocation: Remote-friendly, London/Paris area with Paris office visits (fully reimbursed)\n\nAbout the Role\n\nBuild targeted outreach campaigns across 3-5 key verticals\n\nGenerate qualified leads through creative, personalised outreach using Salesloft, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and ZoomInfo\n\nQualify and nurture prospects ensuring smooth handoffs to AEs\n\nCollaborate with Head of Sales and BDR Team Lead to refine ideal customer profiles and messaging strategies that convert\n\nPartner with marketing team to develop account-based marketing campaigns targeting enterprise prospects in your verticals\n\nAbout You\n\n1+ years of BDR/SDR experience in B2B SaaS with proven track record of consistently hitting meeting and pipeline targets\n\nStrong cold calling skills and phone presence: comfortable with regular cold calling as a core part of generating qualified meetings\n\nFull-cycle outbound experience owning prospecting, discovery, qualification, and booking sales-ready meetings that convert to pipeline\n\nResults-driven mindset focused on revenue impact: understanding that success is measured by pipeline that closes, not just meetings booked\n\nExperience with modern sales tools including CRM systems (HubSpot, Salesforce), outreach platforms (Salesloft, Outreach), and prospecting tools (ZoomInfo, LinkedIn Sales Navigator).\n\nYou are a native English speaker. Another language is a plus.\n\nIf you think you have what it takes but don't meet every single point above, please still apply. We'd love to chat and see if you could be a great fit.\n\nHiring Process\n\nScreening call with Talent Manager (30min)\n\nTechnical interview with Hiring Manager (45min)\n\nTake-home assignment (duration varies by role) and live review with the team (45min)\n\nCulture fit interviews and meet the team (~3h in total)\n\nReference check and offer\n\nSupport: We value diversity and aim to create an inclusive experience for all applicants. Please let us know if there’s anything we can do to make the process more accessible for you.\n\nDiversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging\n\nWe're committed to enabling everyone to feel included and valued at work. We believe our company and culture are strongest when composed of diverse experiences and backgrounds.\n\nThat's also why we have flexible working hours, trust people to work remotely, and extended parental leave.\n\nAll qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, family, gender identity, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c073b1f397efdfe2","title":"Conseiller en gestion de patrimoine INDEPENDANT H/F","company":"Yutaka patrimoine","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":85693,\"salaryMin\":50820,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 50 820 € à 85 693 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"7 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c073b1f397efdfe2","description":"*À PROPOS DE YUTAKA PATRIMOINE*\n\nChez Yutaka Patrimoine, *nous formons une ligue d’experts en gestion patrimoniale* avec une mission digne des *super-héros* :\n\n*Transformer des objectifs financiers complexes en solutions simples, efficaces et accessibles !*\n\nNos domaines d’expertise sont variés :\n\n* *Développement de l’épargne*\n* *Préparation de la retraite*\n* *Optimisation fiscale*\n* *Protection sociale et prévoyance*\n* *Immobilier*\n\nNotre ambition ? Vous offrir un cadre structuré où vous pourrez *déployer vos super-pouvoirs tout en bénéficiant d’un support efficace*. Concentrez-vous sur votre rôle principal : protéger et faire prospérer le patrimoine de vos clients.\n\n*Pourquoi rejoindre notre équipe de héros ?*\n\nEn rejoignant *Yutaka Patrimoine*, vous devenez un *héros du patrimoine*, équipé d’un *système clé en main*. Comme une franchise, vous arrivez et… tout est prêt : structure, outils, process, formation. Vous n’avez plus qu’à enfiler votre cape et vous concentrer sur ce que vous faites de mieux : *conseiller et accompagner vos clients*.\n\n* *Un modèle innovant :*\n\n*Libérez 70 % de votre temps grâce à un back-office performant* qui prend en charge l’administratif, la réglementation et le marketing. Notre méthodologie, qui inclut la *valorisation financière du bilan patrimonial, garantit un véritable positionnement de conseiller expert*.\n\n* *Une formation digne d’un entraînement héroïque :*\n\nMaîtrisez nos outils et devenez un expert en solutions premium.\n\n* *Un arsenal technologique :*\n\nCRM sur-mesure pour suivre vos clients comme un vrai stratège.\n\n* *Une rémunération super-chargée :*\n\nNon plafonnée, valorisant vos encours sous gestion.\n\n*Votre mission, si vous l’acceptez… *En tant que CGP indépendant, vous êtes le héros de vos clients. *Votre mission ??*\n\n> *VULGARISER LA FINANCE* pour rendre la gestion patrimoniale accessible à tous !\n\nVos responsabilités incluent :\n\n* *Prospecter et développer votre portefeuille client.*\n* *Vendre des bilans patrimoniaux en valorisant leur potentiel.*\n* *Proposer et mettre en œuvre des solutions adaptées à chaque situation.*\n* *Assurer un suivi rigoureux et développer la satisfaction client.*\n\n*OPPORTUNITÉS D’ÉVOLUTION*\n\nPrêt à devenir *Capitaine* ? Chez Yutaka Patrimoine, vous pouvez *bâtir et encadrer votre propre équipe* sur votre secteur géographique.\n\n*VOTRE PROFIL*\n\nNous recherchons des *entrepreneurs motivés qui incarnent nos valeurs* : bienveillance, conquête et générosité.\n\nIdéalement, vous êtes :\n\n* *Diplômé(e) d’une école de commerce, d’ingénieur ou titulaire d’un Master 2.*\n* *Expérimenté(e) en gestion patrimoniale, finance, banque ou fiscalité.*\n* *Déjà indépendant(e) ou prêt(e) à vous lancer en tant que CGP, banquier privé ou mandataire financier.*\n\n*AVANTAGES*\n\n* *Statut* : Indépendant / Freelance\n* *Rémunération* : Non plafonnée\n* *Leads fournis* : Un vrai tremplin pour développer rapidement votre activité\n* *Flexibilité* : Télétravail et gestion autonome\n* *Ambiance* : Équipe soudée, séminaires annuels et entraide au programme\n* *Outils professionnels *: Tout ce qu’il faut pour réussir, fournis et payés par le cabinet\n* *Évolution* : Mentorats et possibilités de leadership\n\n*Vous voulez rejoindre notre ligue dynamique et performante ?*\n\nDéveloppez votre activité avec autonomie, tout en profitant de la puissance collective et des outils d’un réseau d’experts.\n\n*Contactez-nous dès aujourd’hui ! Yutaka Patrimoine – Ensemble, faisons grandir vos super-pouvoirs entrepreneuriaux.*\n\n#GestionDePatrimoine #ConseillerPatrimonial #Recrutement #Entrepreneuriat\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 50 820,00€ à 85 693,00€ par an\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Gestion de patrimoine: 1 an (Requis)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail\n\n\nDate limite de candidature : 01/11/2025"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1a72c33464b81e7","title":"Senior Software Engineer - Back End - Payment Platform","company":"Sunday","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75002\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75002 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8655,\"longitude\":2.3426,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"75002 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":90000,\"salaryMin\":65000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 65 000 € à 90 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1a72c33464b81e7","description":"About Us\n\nAt sunday, we’re transforming the dining experience with fast, seamless payments. No more waiting for the bill — with one scan, guests pay, tip, and leave. We're creating a world where time is better spent enjoying the moment. We’re a growing team of bold thinkers, builders, and creators, working across Europe and North America to bring better hospitality to life.\n\n About the Role\n\nWe’re looking for a Senior Back-End Engineer to help elevate how we build guest-facing products at sunday. This isn’t just about writing great code — it’s about shaping how the back-end is done across the company. You’ll play a critical role in structuring projects, setting engineering standards, mentoring teammates, and driving architectural clarity. If you care about quality, collaboration, and creating systems that scale, we want to hear from you.\n\n Key Responsibilities\nDrive the unification and evolution of features across our apps to deliver a cohesive and high-quality user experience\nLead architectural decisions and long-term thinking around scalability, performance, and maintainability\nShare your thinking in architecture forums and document decisions through Architecture Decision Records (ADRs)\nRaise the bar on code quality through testing, documentation, and shared tooling\nPartner closely, product, and design teams to deliver value through fast, focused iterations\nDesign and maintain core ledger systems to accurately record and reconcile financial transactions\nImplement accounting and payment workflows that ensure compliance with financial regulations\nCollaborate with finance and operations teams to translate business rules into scalable technical solutions\nEnsure high reliability and auditability of financial data across distributed systems\n\n About You\nYou are laser-focused on impact. You don’t just ship code — you ship results. You thrive in fast-paced, moving environments. You’re driven by outcomes, not output, and you know that progress is better than perfection.\nYou take end-to-end ownership — from shaping the problem with product and business teams, to delivering clean solutions, to making sure everything runs smoothly in production. You care just as much about the “why” as the “how”, and you’re comfortable stepping into early-stage product conversations, customer feedback loops.\nYou’re relentlessly execution-oriented, adaptable, and always focused on delivering value.\nAs a senior engineer, you understand that your impact goes beyond your own code. You actively mentor others, foster good engineering practices, and lead by example. You influence across teams, elevate the technical bar, and help align teams on architectural\nYou have a strong proficiency in Java, Kotlin, Spring and scalable back-end architecture patterns\nYou're fluent in testing approaches, performance optimization, and modern tooling\nYou have experience working with ledgers, double-entry accounting models, and transaction reconciliation\nYou understand financial compliance, audit requirements, and secure handling of sensitive financial data\nYou are able to translate business and product goals into maintainable technical solutions\nYou are a clear communicator, both written and verbal — especially in asynchronous contexts\nYou're able to design and challenge API contracts for clarity, completeness, and long-term evolution\nYou offer mentoring and share good design practices with your colleagues\n\n️ Technical Edge\n\nYou don’t need to be an expert in everything, but the more of these boxes you tick, the better:\n\nAwareness of security concerns and how to address them proactively\nExperience building resilient interfaces on top of distributed systems (graceful degradation, loading states, error handling)\nFamiliarity with observability (logs, traces, metrics) and performance monitoring tools\nBasic understanding of edge deployments\nHands-on experience integrating with payment processors, banking APIs, or accounting platforms\nKnowledge of reconciliation processes, fraud prevention techniques, and transaction anomaly detection\n\n Why this role matters\n\nsunday is growing fast — and with that comes complexity. We’re scaling across products, markets, and teams. This role is about helping us bring clarity to that complexity. You’ll play a key part in shaping the way we build and scale at sunday, making sure our experiences are fast, delightful, and resilient — no matter how big we get.\n\n️ Compensation, Perks & Benefits\nCompetitive salary and equity\nRemote-first friendly culture with flexible working hours\nThe chance to build products used by millions across the globe\n100% health coverage for you and your children\nFree vacation policy\nOpportunity for significant impact in shaping innovative product development within a high-growth environment\n\nThank you for taking the time to apply, and looking forward to getting to know you!\n\nsunday is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, ancestry, nationality, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, genetic information, or on any other basis prohibited by law (except where an attribute is a bona fide occupational qualification)."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1ef75ce504ea876","title":"Pre-Sales Engineer","company":"Livestorm","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"16 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c1ef75ce504ea876","description":"About Livestorm:\n\nLivestorm is the world's leading end-to-end video engagement platform.\n\nFounded in 2016, Livestorm allows companies to organize powerful online meetings, webinars and virtual events from end-to-end. Our web-browser platform provides teams with all the workflows around video engagement to promote, host and analyze online events.\n\nLivestorm is built with ease of use in mind. We serve companies of all sizes, from startups to Fortune 500s. Brands like Shopify, Honda, Spendesk, Front and Revolut trust Livestorm for premium video engagement during their online events.\n\nHere are our core values:\n\nStay curious: Be interested in the world around you.\n\nRemain humble: Keep learning and keep your ego in check.\n\nBe resourceful: Go that extra mile in the most efficient way.\n\nOwn it: Take pride in what you do, own your wins, and fails.\n\nBe transparent: Sharing knowledge, learnings, feedback, and mistakes.\n\nMissions:\n\nTo support Livestorm’s mission and steady growth, we are looking for a Pre-Sales Engineer to deliver and scale technical services for our customers—especially around CRM integrations, API-based workflows, and custom implementations.\n\nThis role is about being at the forefront of client-facing technical excellence—guiding customers through complex setups and building value-driven solutions that extend far beyond our existing features. You’ll oversee and contribute to three major types of solution work:\n\nAdvanced CRM integration workflows – where the Solutions Engineering team helps customers configure powerful, flexible automations using our integrations and adjacent tools.\n\nCustom solutions built with our API, webhooks, and low-code/no-code stacks – enabling customers to do more by combining Livestorm with platforms like Make, Zapier, n8n, Retool, Airtable, and a new wave of AI-powered app builders like Bubble, Loveable, or Superblocks.\n\nDevelopment of our integration partner and agency ecosystem – establishing strategic relationships with implementation agencies and technical partners to deliver solutions at scale.\n\nYou’ll also play a key role in enabling Sales, CSMs, and Support teams by sharing technical knowledge, tooling, and playbooks.\n\nIn this role, you'll be responsible for:\n\nSolution design & delivery [30%]\n\nLead the technical delivery of integration-based and custom solutions, using Livestorm’s API, webhooks, and low-code platforms like Make, n8n, Zapier, Retool, and Airtable.\n\nRapidly prototype or fully build solutions with next-gen AI builders such as Loveable, Bubble, or Superblocks, exploring what’s possible beyond traditional workflows.\n\nCoordinate with engineering on more complex development needs and ensure alignment with our product vision and scalability.\n\nClient-facing consulting and communication [30%]\n\nAct as a trusted technical consultant in both pre-sales and post-sales conversations.\n\nPlay a key evangelist role for our integrations and API—showing customers what’s possible, demoing advanced use cases, and advising on optimal configurations and extended automations.\n\nHelp Sales teams craft compelling solution proposals that highlight the extensibility of the Livestorm platform.\n\nPartner and agency network development [15%]\n\nIdentify, recruit, and nurture partnerships with agencies and integration specialists that can extend our delivery capabilities.\n\nCo-develop playbooks and processes with these partners to ensure consistent quality, scope alignment, and customer success.\n\nServe as the main point of contact for these partners and build a scalable partner enablement program.\n\nCross-team enablement [15%]\n\nEquip customer-facing teams (AE, AM, CSM, Support) with relevant documentation, training, and resources so they can better understand and pitch technical capabilities.\n\nProactively identify gaps in knowledge or tooling and drive initiatives to fill them.\n\nProcess improvement and scaling [10%]\n\nContinuously refine how we scope, deliver, and scale custom solutions—building a playbook that makes us faster, smarter, and more reliable over time.\n\nLead internal knowledge sharing and documentation efforts to make solutions repeatable and impactful across multiple clients.\n\nJob requirements/Who You Are…\n\nFor this Team Lead Solutions Engineer role, we are looking for someone with the following background and mindset:\n\nYou have strong technical acumen and hands-on experience with low-code/no-code platforms (such as Make, Retool, n8n, Zapier, Airtable, or similar).\n\nYou're comfortable speaking the language of APIs and integrations, and you can hold your own in technical conversations without necessarily being a full-stack engineer.\n\nYou have strong savviness with AI-powered tools, especially those related to coding and app-building—you're curious, experimental, and excited by the rapid evolution in this space.\n\nYou’ve worked in a client-facing or consulting role—your communication and interpersonal skills are stellar, and you’re attuned to both technical and business needs.\n\nYou’re a doer with a proactive mindset, ready to jump in, take ownership, and demonstrate leadership by driving initiatives forward and inspiring confidence in others.\n\nYou've managed projects involving external vendors or partners and know how to build collaborative, trusting relationships.\n\nYou're fluent in both French and English, and comfortable working in a fully remote setup aligned with the Paris time zone ±2 hours.\n\nConfidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But we'll let you in on a secret: there's no such thing as a 'perfect' candidate. So however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c33b7536ee7544f6","title":"Executive Assistant - Commercial Team","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c33b7536ee7544f6","description":"About Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we've grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we rock with over 200 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels, Singapore and Paris, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, asset management, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We're pioneers in adopting the Rust Development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry's progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we're not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We're actively building it.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nWe are seeking a highly organized and proactive Executive Assistant to join our Commercial team. This is a critical hybrid role where you will be a trusted partner to our Commercial leadership, directly impacting their efficiency while also driving operational excellence for the entire sales function.\n\nYou will masterfully blend high-level executive support with hands-on sales operations, ensuring seamless processes in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Your work will empower our mission to democratize liquidity in digital assets by freeing our leaders to focus on strategic growth. This role offers a unique opportunity to learn about enterprise sales in the crypto industry, and we expect the successful candidate to have the potential to grow into a Business Development role over time.\n\nThis is an on-site role with minimum possibility to work remotely. An ideal candidate should would be based in one of our office locations: Brussels, Paris or Madrid.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nExecutive & Travel Coordination: Masterfully manage complex calendars for Commercial leaders, proactively resolving scheduling conflicts. Coordinate seamless international travel, conference attendance, and client meeting logistics, anticipating potential challenges and offering solutions.\n\nSales & Client Enablement: Support in identifying and making contact with potential leads and new clients while preparing for events; occasional client and competition research; coordinating collaboration and communication cross-functionally with Trading, Risk, Legal, and Compliance etc. as needed to support diverse commercial processes;\n\nProcess & Documentation Excellence: Streamline documentation flow, transcribe accurate meeting minutes, and help track team budgets. Develop and implement scalable processes to optimize the daily workflow and decision-making of the Commercial team.\n\nSkills and Experience\n\nExperience: 3-5+ years in a relevant role such as Executive Assistant, Commercial Support, or Sales Operations, ideally in financial services, fintech, or the crypto industry. Experience working effectively with C-Suite or senior leadership is required.\n\nTechnical Skills: High proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Google Workspace, CRM platforms (e.g., HubSpot, Salesforce), and an aptitude for learning AI productivity tools.\n\nCommunication: Exceptional interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Fluency in Business English is required; additional languages are a plus.\n\nOrganisational Prowess: Meticulous attention to detail, impeccable discretion, and a proven ability to manage multiple priorities and drive structure in a fast-paced, evolving environment.\n\nPassion & Mindset: A genuine passion for entrepreneurship, innovation, and the digital asset space. You are curious, adaptable, and eager to learn in a rapidly changing industry.\n\nEducation: A Bachelor’s degree in business, finance, economics, or a related field is preferred.\n\nOur recruitment philosophy\n\nWe value self-awareness and powerful communication skills in our recruitment process. We seek fiercely passionate people who understand themselves and their career goals. We're after those with the right skills and a conscious choice to join our field. The perfect fit? A crypto enthusiast who’s driven, collaborative, acts with ownership and delivers solid, scalable outcomes.\n\nOur offer\n\nA competitive salary package\n\nAutonomy in your time management thanks to flexible working hours and the opportunity to work remotely\n\nThe freedom to create your own entrepreneurial experience by being part of a team of people in search of excellence\n\nAs an employer we are committed to building a positive and collaborative work environment. We welcome employees of all backgrounds, and hire, reward and promote entirely based on merit and performance."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c480b5eaa788ae1f","title":"GTM Strategy Lead","company":"Salescaptain","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"19 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c480b5eaa788ae1f","description":"Join the GTM Revolution at SalesCaptain — Where B2B Growth Happens\n\nSince our beginnings in 2021, SalesCaptain has grown into a global force, working with fast-growing B2B brands, YC & Techstars startups, and Series B&C companies, helping them go to market using a predictable process.\n\nWe are currently looking for a results-driven GTM Strategy Lead to manage the outbound strategy, and communications with our international clients. This is a full-time, remote position (working EU hours).\n\nRequirements\n\nWhat you'll do ✨\n\nManage the Strategy and execution of Cold Email and LinkedIn Outreach campaigns for our international clients\nCreate messaging for the Outbound campaigns using AI and in-depth audience research\nBuild prospecting & list building workflows combining multiple data sources to help our Lead Generation team build high-intent prospect lists\nLeverage Clay for data scraping, AI, enrichment, and campaign orchestration to increase the ROI of GTM campaigns. (optional, but preferred)\nEvaluate campaign performance and recommend optimizations to help achieve our campaign KPIs and improve lead quantity\nIdentify, evaluate, and test new campaign angles and niches to increase positive replies\nCommunicate with clients and create reports to showcase progress and results\n\nThe main KPIs for the role\n\nPositive Replies (Weekly), Client Satisfaction (NPS), Client Retention (Quarterly), New Ideas proposed to Clients (Monthly), Cost Per Positive Reply (Monthly)\n\nWho you are ❤️‍\n\nAt least 1-2 years of relevant work experience in Marketing, Sales, or GTM\nExperience with LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Lemlist, Clay, Apollo, Hubspot, and the latest AI Sales tools\nProven ability to write high-performing cold emails\nAbility to build workflows using multiple data sources (e.g. Google Maps, Apify, Serper, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, etc.) and understanding of data scraping capabilities\nBeing well-versed in prompt engineering and AI models\nTech-savviness and a quick learner of new technologies and software (there is new software coming out every day, and we need you to stay on top of new products and trends)\nExperience in the Tech, SaaS, software industry, or in a high-growth start-up\nOpen to Sales Executives with relevant experience\n\nBenefits\n\nWe hope that you’re excited by all the possibilities that come with working at SalesCaptain!\n\nIn addition to our unique structure that lets you own your work and choose where to focus, we also offer these fun perks and benefits:\n\nAbility to work remotely (no more commutes!)\nCollaborative, friendly, and passionate team\nPaid vacation, days off, and sick leaves\nExciting team-building activities\nFree books and Kindles to help you become a better marketer and person\nSpecialized training programs to become a Clay Expert and build your personal brand"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c536b30913e8d40d","title":"BD Manager - DDIT & Digital Infra/Tech transactions M&A","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c536b30913e8d40d","description":"We are recruiting a Business Development Manager to support Data, IP and Tech (DDIT) & Digital Infra/Tech transactions M&A in London.\n\nDEPARTMENT PURPOSE\nOur business development, marketing and communication teams contribute to the setting and achievement of the firm's business objectives, which includes supporting our partners and associates in their pursuit of becoming out clients' trusted advisers, building and maintaining long-lasting, deep institutional client relationships, winning new clients, increasing the visibility of the firm globally, and positioning the firm as the thought leader and most advances law firm among the global elite law firms. The function works as one team across the globe with very close collaboration between the central groups - such as Communications or Events - and professional supporting offices, practice groups, sectors and clients.\n\nROLE PURPOSE\nWe have business development (BD) teams embedded in, and dedicated to supporting, the global practice and sector groups. This role supports the DDIT and digital infrastructure/tech transactions groups within the M&A practice in London. The groups cover a broad range of product areas including commercial contracts, data protection, IP licensing/collaborations, tech transactions and AI, with a particular focus on IP-rich sectors such as technology, telecoms, media and life sciences.\nThis role is responsible for strategic and day-to-day business development support for the London group and on selected global initiatives, including co-leading the international data protection BD community and leading Talking Tech Together – an initiative bringing together senior women lawyers in tech. The role reports into a global DDIT Senior BD Manager based in London and benefits from having support based in Belfast on day to day tasks.\n\nROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES\nBusiness planning and advice – provide focus to the delivery and direction of BD activities. Play a key influencing role with partners on business development activities and projects. Co-lead on communication, coordination and strategic leadership of the international data protection BD community.\nProposals – take the lead role in preparing proposals, pitch presentations and credentials statements for London-based DDIT and digital infra/tech transactions partners. Coach partners on their presentations and ensure the teams follow best practice. Input into documents prepared by other practice groups and offices requiring the relevant commercial product expertise. Seek client feedback, capture proposal outcomes and prompt fee earners to act upon feedback.\nClient account management – assist partners, associates and BD colleagues in the management of strategic client relationships and coordinate client targeting efforts. Work with the central client relationship management (CRM) team on specific client tactics, including secondee debriefs, client presentations and training. Develop an in-depth knowledge of the key clients in the market. Ensure regular sharing of information on client activities.\nCampaign management – work with the partners, senior associates and the knowledge team to develop and execute integrated business development campaigns. Plan roundtables, client seminars and industry sponsorships to raise awareness of our expertise in key product areas. Liaise with the Communications/PR team to develop a stronger external profile for the selected product areas.\nClient listening – work on client listening programmes as appropriate and carry out client listening sessions with key clients. Assimilate the feedback into reports for the relevant partners. Proactively work with the partners to ensure that the feedback in the report is actioned appropriately.\nMarket and client research – to support business planning activities and identify opportunities.\nClient events and hospitality – proactively identify appropriate client entertainment opportunities with lawyers and the CRM team. Challenge partners where appropriate on best use of hospitality opportunities and marketing budget spend. Track marketing spend against clients and individuals/teams within clients to ensure activities are aligned with overall strategic priorities.\nInternal communications – oversee the maintenance of a flow of market/client intelligence (e.g. pipeline deals, major players, market shares, key client contact moves and developments) to partners and associates.\nBD tactics – responsible for the timeliness, consistency and quality of BD tools. Work with PAs and BD Executive/Assistant resource to ensure email distribution and target lists are kept up-to-date, maintain updated collateral, credentials, contact cards and CVs, and track and ensure deal information is regularly and accurately captured in the firm’s experience system\nAdditional projects – opportunity to assist in firm wide, local, departmental or practice area projects.\nKEY REQUIREMENTS\nSubstantial relevant business development and marketing experience at a BD Manager or Senior Executive level within a professional services organisation or in the sector, where the individual frequently worked with management of individual practice or service lines.\nEnthusiasm to develop an in-depth understanding of the global commercial, tech and data market/practice (in terms of the market, the deals, the key players, the competition, and the actual structures and approaches involved in this area). Previous commercial, tech and data market experience would be a plus, but is not essential.\nProven track record of achieving product-line business objectives.\nExcellent communication skills – both written and oral.\nExcellent interpersonal and influencing skills – with partners, key associates, and business development colleagues, clients and suppliers. Ability to motivate fee-earners to engage on business development projects and to work with them to develop and implement business development plans.\nA proactive approach, balancing creativity and tenacity.\nHigh attention to detail and strong client focus.\nAbility to motivate, develop and inspire both team and fee-earners to deliver business goals and change behaviour where required. Draws on experience to manage change.\nAbility to work to deadlines, juggle multiple projects and deliver under pressure.\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing an onsite gym, wellbeing centre and GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, season ticket loans and online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nOur approach to hybrid working seeks to combine and maximise the benefits of effective remote working with the benefits of being in the office. Our current hybrid working arrangements require office based working for a minimum of 60% of your time (i.e. three days per week for a full time role) in accordance with our hybrid working policy.\n\nAdditional information - External\n\nA&O Shearman is a global industry-leading law firm, with nearly 50 offices in 28 countries worldwide. Our fluency in English law, US law, and the laws of the world’s most dynamic markets, enables us to provide unmatched insight and seamless delivery to clients. We work on challenging and important deals and disputes that have the potential to shape the future.\n\nWe offer exceptional opportunities for our people; opportunities to work for the world’s leading businesses; to transform the status quo, and to deliver your best work, helping you and your career to thrive, while delivering unparalleled outcomes for our clients.\n\nWhether you're helping clients solve complex challenges, transforming the ways we manage our business, or ensuring the smooth-running of our operations, this is an environment where you can belong and excel. We provide first-rate training and development, we are committed to an inclusive environment, and we provide support and ways of working that help you optimise your wellbeing.\n\nWhat truly defines a career with us? We recruit the best and ask for the best of you. And together, we will redefine success."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c8a336c85cc50d22","title":"Téléprospecteur H/F","company":"Cabinet IGC","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75008\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75008 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8763,\"longitude\":2.3183,\"streetAddress\":\"6 avenue Delcassé\",\"fullAddress\":\"75008 Paris\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"15 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c8a336c85cc50d22","description":"*Téléprospecteur Immobilier (H/F) – FREELANCE – Rejoignez l’Aventure IGC !*\n\n*Cabinet IGC*, cabinet de conseil en investissement immobilier reconnu pour son expertise et son innovation, *recherche un(e) Téléprospecteur FREELANCE (H/F)* pour intégrer notre équipe jeune et dynamique, au sein de nos bureaux situés à Paris 8e.\n\n*VOTRE MISSION SI VOUS L’ACCEPTEZ :*\n\nAprès une formation technique et commerciale complète et une introduction à nos outils digitaux, vous serez prêt(e) à briller !\n\nVotre mission : transformer des leads qualifiés en rendez-vous prometteurs pour nos conseillers.\n\nVoici ce qui vous attend :\n\n* *Qualifier les besoins des prospects* et planifier des rendez-vous en visioconférence pour nos experts.\n* *Gérer les confirmations des rendez-vous* et mettre à jour notre CRM avec précision.\n* *Suivre vos performances* : statistiques, comptes rendus et suivi des résultats.\n* *Un objectif stimulant : 10 rendez-vous pris/jour* (oui, vous en êtes capable !).\n\n*PROFIL RECHERCHÉ :*\n\nPour réussir dans cette mission, vous devez être :\n\n* *Un(e) as du téléphone :* Vous avez une élocution claire, un sens de la répartie affûté et vous adorez convaincre.\n* *Doté(e) d’une fibre commerciale naturelle :* Persuader et créer du lien est votre deuxième nature.\n* *Expérimenté(e) en téléprospection :* Une première expérience, idéalement dans l’immobilier, est un atout précieux.\n* *Autonome mais solidaire :* Vous savez travailler seul(e) tout en contribuant à une équipe soudée, avec un esprit \"start-up\".\n* *À l’écoute et dynamique :* Vous avez la capacité de comprendre les besoins des prospects et d’apporter des solutions adaptées.\n\n*CE QUE NOUS VOUS OFFRONS :*\n\n* *Un poste sur un statut indépendant avec horaires flexibles*\n* *Une rémunération non plafonnée :* De *2 000 € à 5 000 €/mois* et bien plus si vous dépassez vos objectifs.\n* *Un cadre motivant :* Challenges réguliers, formations, animations sportives, dîners d’équipe et séminaires.\n* *Une ambiance jeune et innovante :* Chez IGC, on travaille sérieusement sans se prendre trop au sérieux.\n* *Une formation sur-mesure :* Vous serez prêt(e) à exceller grâce à un accompagnement technique et commercial poussé.\n\n*CONDITIONS :*\n\n* *Type de contrat :* indépendant à temps partiel\n* *Localisation :* Le téléprospecteur travaillera à distance\n\n*POURQUOI REJOINDRE IGC ?*\n\nParce que *chez nous, vos efforts paient réellement*. Nous mettons tout en œuvre pour que vous atteigniez vos objectifs professionnels, dans un environnement collaboratif où la réussite est une affaire d’équipe.\n\nType d'emploi : Temps partiel, indépendant\n\nHoraires :\n\n* Travail en journée\n\nRémunération supplémentaire :\n\n* Primes\n\nExpérience:\n\n* Télémarketing: 5 ans (Optionnel)\n* Service client: 1 an (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail\n\nType d'emploi : Indépendant / freelance\n\nRémunération : 1 732,50€ à 6 122,91€ par mois\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Télémarketing: 1 an (Optionnel)\n* Service client: 1 an (Optionnel)\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : En présentiel"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ccfde97ab2f1a376","title":"Chef de projet web junior en alternance H/F","company":"Edilead","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"À partir de 15 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"14 hours ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ccfde97ab2f1a376","description":"*Qui sommes-nous ? *\nNée il y’a 9 ans en tant que marque de la société Needocs, Edilead édite plusieurs sites Internet à fort trafic et utilise des leviers webmarketing dans le but de générer et collecter des contacts qualifiés – « leads » – dans plus de 10 thématiques afin de les proposer aux professionnels souhaitant développer leur clientèle.\n\nTrès attentive à la qualité, hyper réactive et professionnelle depuis sa création, Needocs/Edilead se positionne sur une offre premium et sur-mesure, dont elle mesure aujourd’hui le succès. Fort de cette réussite, Edilead, en plein essor, a gagné sa place dans le Top 5 des entreprises de son secteur et laisse entrevoir un fort potentiel de développement dans les années à venir.\n\nDans le cadre de notre forte croissance et pour prendre en charge l’implémentation des intégrations clients et pour adapter le SI Edilead, nous recherchons un *Chef de projet web en alternance* *prêt* à faire la différence !\n\n*Tes missions ?*\n\nSous la supervision du Chef de projet web, tu auras la charge de :\n\n1. *L’intégrations API & WebServices*\n\n* Assister à l'implémentation des API clients pour l'envoi de leads\n* Participer aux tests et à la validation des webservices\n* Effectuer les ajustements techniques en relation avec les clients\n* Documenter les intégrations réalisées\n\n2. *L’automatisation & Intégrations No-Code*\n\n* Participer au setup de modèles d'intégration (Zapier, Make)\n* Connecter le SI Edilead avec des applications tierces\n* Automatiser les reportings suite aux retours clients\n* Automatisation de missions marketing globales\n* Optimiser les workflows existants\n\n3. *Du reporting & Data Visualisation*\n\n* Contribuer à l'évolution des tableaux de bord\n* Créer des reportings pour clients et partenaires\n* Développer des outils de KPIs de performance\n\n4. *De l’innovation & Veille Technologique*\n\n* Participer à la mise en place d'innovations via outils no-code ou IA\n* Effectuer une veille technologique régulière\n* Proposer des améliorations et optimisations\n* Tester de nouvelles solutions techniques\n\n5. *Du support Back Office*\n\n* Assurer et maintenir la bonne qualité de livraison de la data\n* Ajustements techniques réguliers de l’interface du SI pour garantir une délivrabilité optimale de la data\n\nCette liste n’est pas exhaustive et pourra évoluer durant ta mission !\n\n*Ton profil ?*\n\nCe poste est fait pour toi si :\n\n· Tu as au moins *1 an d'expérience dans un poste similaire,*\n\n· *Ton rythme d’alternance est de 4 jours en entreprise et 1 jour école,*\n\n· Tu es de formation Bac+3 à Bac+5 en informatique, développement web, marketing digital ou équivalent,\n\n· Tu as des bases en développement web (HTML, CSS, Javascript),\n\n· Tu maitrise Google Sheets,\n\n· Tu as des connaissances en base de données (SQL), webservices et des API REST.\n\n· Tu as envie d’apprendre, tu possèdes un bon relationnel, de la rigueur et une bonne capacité d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes.\n\n*Tes avantages ?*\n\n· *Travail Full TT possible, *\n\n· Des tickets restaurants,\n\n· Des chèques vacances et une bonne prise en charge mutuelle,\n\n· Séminaires, Afterwork et évènements toute l’année,\n\n· Une structure à taille humaine, jeune et dynamique où il fait bon vivre,\n\n· Des projets variés touchant API, data, automation, tracking,\n\n· Un environnement innovant avec l’utilisation d’IA et outils no-code,\n\n· Un suivi régulier, des feedbacks constructifs, et de vraies perspectives d’évolution\n\nType d'emploi : Alternance\n\nRémunération : à partir de 15 000,00€ par an\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Maitrisez vous google sheet ? \n* Votre rythme d'alternance est il de 4jours/1jour ? Si non, êtes vous ouvert(e) à un changement d'école ? \n* Avez-vous des notions en Html/CSS/Javascript ?\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ce560b5aff6f5fbd","title":"Finance System Lead","company":"P2P. org","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ce560b5aff6f5fbd","description":"P2P.org is the largest institutional staking provider with a TVL of over $10B and a market share exceeding 20% in restaking.\n\nWe are continually focused on researching and improving our infrastructure to extract maximum APR while enhancing security. For instance, in ETH and SOL, our NRR is on average 10% higher than the market, and in DOT, it's 20% higher.\n\nWe also place significant focus and resources on launching new networks such as TON, Avail, Monad, Babylon, Story, Berachain, and others, along with yield products. From restaking, where we are the largest operator with a 20+% market share, to yield aggregators on stablecoins.\n\nOur clients include BitGo, Copper, Crypto.com, Ledger, ByBit, Bitget, OKX, HTX, Bitvavo, SBI, and others, who choose us for our client-centric approach and extensive product line from unified API to widgets and custom dApps.\n\nWe are also actively expanding our product line, exploring RWA, data, yield, and service products for banks, exchanges, custodians, and wallets.\n\nP2P.org unites talented individuals globally\n\nDespite our distributed team, we share a passion for decentralized finance - a fairer system for all. We code, learn, create, and connect to shape finance's future\n\nP2P.org boasts a strong reputation and network. We prioritize customer satisfaction and, as tech enthusiasts, develop innovative solutions that bolster our brand.\n\nYou will\n\nMain Responsibilities:\n\nDefine the target finance systems architecture and roadmap, ensuring scalability and alignment with business needs.\n\nLead the selection and implementation of a new ERP system (likely NetSuite), including vendor evaluation, contract negotiation, and system design.\n\nAct as project manager from the finance side during ERP and related system implementations, ensuring milestones, budgets, and deliverables are met.\n\nCoordinate and perform system testing, validation, and UAT, ensuring high-quality delivery.\n\nServe as the internal systems analyst: maintain, support, and optimize finance systems (ERP, IBM Planning Analytics, Tres Finance, Superset, Jira).\n\nDesign and oversee data flows and integrations across all tools, ensuring accuracy and automation (ERP IBM PA Superset Tres Finance Jira).\n\nPartner with Accounting, FP&A, Treasury, Data, and Product teams to translate business needs into system requirements and functionalities.\n\nAdditional Responsibilities:\n\nDevelop and maintain system governance, data integrity, and access controls.\n\nAct as a liaison with external vendors, consultants, and auditors on system-related matters.\n\nProvide training, guidance, and documentation for finance team members and stakeholders.\n\nContinuously identify and deliver process improvements in automation, efficiency, and reporting\n\nPotentially build and manage a small team of specialists to support ongoing system development and operations\n\nYou have\n\nDegree in Finance, Accounting, Information Systems, or related field.\n\nStrong understanding of finance and accounting processes (IFRS/US GAAP knowledge is a plus).\n\nProven experience with ERP selection and full-cycle implementation (NetSuite experience is highly valued).\n\nExperience in systems architecture and integrations (ERP, FP&A, reporting, workflow tools).\n\nHands-on experience in system testing, UAT, and ongoing support.\n\nFamiliarity with IBM Planning Analytics / TM1, Tres Finance (crypto accounting), Superset, and Jira is a strong advantage.\n\nStrong project management skills, with ability to coordinate across multiple stakeholders.\n\nAnalytical mindset with attention to detail and problem-solving skills.\n\nExcellent communication skills, able to bridge finance, data, and technology teams.\n\nExperience in a fast-paced or multinational environment is an advantage.\n\nEnglish level from C1\n\nAt P2P.org we have a team of experts with their own unique approach and ownership culture. Together we gain experience and make dreams come true!\n\nFully remote\n\nFull-time Contractor (Indefinite-term Consultancy Agreement)\n\nCompetitive salary level in $ (we can also pay in Crypto)\n\nWell-being program\n\nMental Health care program\n\nCompensation for education, including Foreign Language & professional growth courses\n\nEquipment & co-working reimbursement program\n\nOverseas conferences, community immersion\n\nPositive and friendly communication culture\n\nP2P.org is committed to providing equal opportunities. All applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or disability."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf48bbacb1d41814","title":"Automation Marketing H/F","company":"N2JSOFT","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf48bbacb1d41814","description":"*Qui sommes nous ?*\n\nN2JSoft est une Fintech Saas B2B dans l’expense management. Avec plus de 18 000 clients et 800 000 utilisateurs, dans 82 pays, notre produit fait partie des leaders du marché en France.\n\nGrâce à une équipe - de bonne humeur avant tout - qui place l'Homme au centre de ses préoccupations nous partageons le projet commun de devenir le leader européen de la gestion des notes de frais.\n\nTon rôle sera clé pour structurer, fiabiliser et optimiser nos campagnes de génération de leads grâce aux datas, à l’automatisation et à la performance des process marketing. Tu contribueras directement à la croissance en permettant aux équipes marketing et sales d’opérer plus efficacement.\n\n*Tes missions* :\n\n* Gérer, optimiser et faire évoluer notre stack marketing (HubSpot, CRM, Zapier, outils de tracking, plateformes d’analytics, intégrations API, etc.)\n* Mettre en place des dashboards clairs et actionnables pour piloter la performance marketing et partager la data avec les équipes Sales/Management,\n* Importer, structurer, nettoyer et enrichir les bases de données prospects/clients afin de garantir leur qualité et leur exploitation optimale,\n* Assurer le ciblage précis et l’exécution fluide des campagnes marketing (emailing, nurturing, ABM…),\n* Analyser les résultats des campagnes, proposer des optimisations et partager des recommandations actionnables,\n* Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes Growth, Sales et Produit pour fluidifier les process et garantir l’alignement marketing/sales,\n* Être force de proposition et suffisamment autonome pour identifier, prioriser et mettre en place des optimisations (automatisations, intégrations, best practices).\n\n*Ce qu’on recherche :*\n\n* Première expérience réussie en Marketing Ops / Data Marketing / Growth Ops, idéalement dans un environnement B2B SaaS,\n* Bonne maîtrise d’un CRM et d’une plateforme de marketing automation (HubSpot est un plus),\n* Connaissance ou expérience de plusieurs outils de la stack Marketing/CRM (Zapier, outils de tracking & reporting, intégrations API, etc.),\n* Compétences solides en analyse et gestion de données (Excel, Google Data Studio ; SQL est un plus),\n* Bon niveau technique : HTML/CSS, notions de bases de données, gestion d’API, intégrations entre outils,\n* Rigueur, sens du détail et véritable culture de la donnée fiable,\n* Autonomie, proactivité et envie d’expérimenter pour améliorer en continu l’efficacité opérationnelle,\n* Bon niveau d’anglais écrit et oral (l’espagnol, l’italien ou l’allemand sont un plus).\n\n*Pourquoi nous rejoindre ?*\n\nEn plus de rejoindre une équipe jeune et dynamique avec une ambiance start up notre spécificité est notre fort développement.\n\n*Chez N2JSoft tu pourras bénéficier de* :\n\n* Une prime de vacances,\n* Des chèques cadeau à Noël,\n* Des chèques de rentrée scolaire (si tu as des enfants),\n* Un chèque culture,\n* Des cours de musique,\n* Des événements tout au long de l’année.\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\nStatut : Cadre\n\n\n\nLangue:\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf58b1838eb3250b","title":"AI/ML Team Lead – Generative AI (LLMs, AWS)","company":"Provectus","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cf58b1838eb3250b","description":"Provectus helps companies adopt ML/AI to transform the ways they operate, compete, and drive value. The focus of the company is on building ML Infrastructure to drive end-to-end AI transformations, assisting businesses in adopting the right AI use cases, and scaling their AI initiatives organization-wide in such industries as Healthcare & Life Sciences, Retail & CPG, Media & Entertainment, Manufacturing, and Internet businesses.\n\nWe are seeking a highly skilled Machine Learning (ML) Tech Lead with a strong background in Large Language Models (LLMs) and AWS Cloud services. The ideal candidate will oversee the development and deployment of cutting-edge AI solutions while managing a team of 5-10 engineers. This leadership role demands hands-on technical expertise, strategic planning, and team management capabilities to deliver innovative products at scale.\nResponsibilities:\nLeadership & Management\n-Lead and manage a team of 5-10 engineers, providing mentorship and fostering a collaborative team environment;\n-Drive the roadmap for machine learning projects aligned with business goals;\n-Coordinate cross-functional efforts with product, data, and engineering teams to ensure seamless delivery.\nMachine Learning & LLM Expertise\n-Design, develop, and fine-tune LLMs and other machine learning models to solve business problems;\n-Evaluate and implement state-of-the-art LLM techniques for NLP tasks such as text generation, summarization, and entity extraction;\n-Stay ahead of advancements in LLMs and apply emerging technologies;\n-Expertise in multiple main fields of ML: NLP, Computer Vision, RL, deep learning and classical ML.\nAWS Cloud Expertise\n-Architect and manage scalable ML solutions using AWS services (e.g., SageMaker, Lambda, Bedrock, S3, ECS, ECR, etc.);\n-Optimize models and data pipelines for performance, scalability, and cost-efficiency in AWS;\n-Ensure best practices in security, monitoring, and compliance within the cloud infrastructure.\nTechnical Execution\n-Oversee the entire ML lifecycle, from research and experimentation to production and maintenance;\n-Implement MLOps and LLMOps practices to streamline model deployment and CI/CD workflows;\n-Debug, troubleshoot, and optimize production ML models for performance.\nTeam Development & Communication\n-Conduct regular code reviews and ensure engineering standards are upheld;\n-Facilitate professional growth and learning for the team through continuous feedback and guidance;\n-Communicate progress, challenges, and solutions to stakeholders and senior leadership.\nQualifications:\nProven experience with LLMs and NLP frameworks (e.g., Hugging Face, OpenAI, or Anthropic models);\nStrong expertise in AWS Cloud Services;\nStrong experience in ML/AI, including at least 2 years in a leadership role;\nHands-on experience with Python, TensorFlow/PyTorch, and model optimization;\nFamiliarity with MLOps tools and best practices;\nExcellent problem-solving and decision-making abilities;\nStrong communication skills and the ability to lead cross-functional teams;\nPassion for mentoring and developing engineers;\nFamiliarity with Amazon Bedrock would be considered a significant plus.\nWhat We Offer:\nSing-up bonus 8,000 USD\nLong-term B2B collaboration\nFully remote setup\nComprehensive private medical insurance or budget for your medical needs.\nPaid sick leave, vacation, public holidays\nContinuous learning support, including unlimited AWS certification sponsorship\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d05c36e006112885","title":"Commercial Phoning – Importation Automobile (H/F)","company":"UKCC Groupe","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"21 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d05c36e006112885","description":"*Commercial Phoning – Importation Automobile (H/F)*\n\nNous sommes spécialisés dans l’importation de véhicules sportifs et premium depuis le Royaume-Uni vers la France et l’Europe. Notre activité repose sur la sélection, la négociation et l’accompagnement complet des clients passionnés de voitures allemandes et japonaises (BMW, Nissan, Subaru, Honda, etc.), en leur garantissant un service clé en main.\n\n*Missions principales*\n\nEn tant que Commercial Phoning, vous serez le premier contact avec nos prospects suite au remplissage de formulaires sur nos réseaux sociaux et notre site web. Votre rôle sera de :\n\n* *Contacter les leads qualifiés* par téléphone et email.\n* *Analyser la demande client* à partir des informations renseignées (budget, modèle recherché, usage, options, etc.).\n* *Conseiller et informer* sur le processus d’importation (inspection, rapatriement, immatriculation, délais).\n* *Présenter des exemples d’annonces* correspondant à la recherche du client.\n* *Réaliser des simulations de prix* détaillées selon les différentes offres d’importation disponibles.\n* *Accompagner le prospect jusqu’à la décision d’achat* en assurant un suivi personnalisé.\n\n*Profil recherché*\n\n* *Expérience en prospection téléphonique ou relation client*, idéalement dans le secteur automobile ou du commerce en ligne.\n* *Bonne culture automobile*, notamment sur les modèles sportifs allemands et japonais (BMW, Nissan, Subaru, Honda).\n* Excellentes compétences en *communication orale* et capacité à vulgariser un processus technique.\n* Esprit commercial : *écoute active, persuasion, rigueur et orientation résultats*.\n* Maîtrise des outils bureautiques et CRM.\n\n*Conditions*\n\n* Entièrement en Télétravaile.\n* Rémunération variable (attractif selon performance)\n* Formation interne assurée sur le processus d’importation.\n\nType d'emploi : Temps partiel\n\nRémunération : 1 500,00€ à 10 000,00€ par mois\n\nNombre d'heures : 12 à 21 par semaine\n\nAvantages :\n* Horaires flexibles\n* Intéressement et participation\n* Travail à domicile occasionnel\n\n\n\nQuestion(s) de présélection:\n* Diriez-vous que vous avez une bonne connaissance du domaine automobile ?\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3aecab11b3ebbcd","title":"Webdesigner H/F","company":"LA CASERNE DU BATIMENT","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":64123.73828125,\"salaryMin\":22553.25,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 22 553,25 € à 64 123,74 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"4 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3aecab11b3ebbcd","description":"Contexte & objectif\n\nNotre Agence recherche un *partenaire *expert *Webflow* et *acquisition organique & payante (SEO/SEA)*, capable de :\n\n* Concevoir des *sites Webflow* performants (Core Web Vitals) avec *outils intégrés* : Chatbot, modules GPT/IA, formulaires avancés, analytics, consentement.\n* Produire des *landing pages d’acquisition* orientées *CRO* avec *workflows intégrés* (Make, n8n, emailing, WhatsApp).\n* Piloter l’*acquisition* (Google Ads/Meta/LinkedIn Ads selon besoins) et le *SEO* (technique + sémantique) pour générer des *leads qualifiés*.\n\nMissions principales\n\n* *Build Webflow & Design Système*\n* Maquettage (wireframes → UI) et intégration Webflow (CMS Collections, symboles, variables, interactions).\n* Implémentation des bonnes pratiques *Core Web Vitals* (LCP, INP, CLS), lazy-load, images responsives, minification.\n* Mise en place du *design system* (tokens, librairie de composants réutilisables).\n* *Landing Pages orientées Conversion*\n* Copywriting orienté ICP/angles de valeur, social proof, FAQ, prix, CTA sticky, formulaires multi-étapes.\n* Tests A/B (titres, offres, hero, formulaires), heatmaps/session replay (Hotjar/Clarity).\n* *Automations & Intégrations*\n* *Workflows Make & n8n* : capture → validation → enrichissement → routage (CRM/ERP, Slack, e-mail).\n* Intégration *WhatsApp* (WhatsApp Business/API) pour notifications & séquences.\n* Emailing/transactionnel (Postmark/Sendgrid/M365), double opt-in, webhooks.\n* *Chatbot/GPT* : assistant onsite (FAQ, qualification), prompts structurés, garde-fous, logs, handoff humain.\n* *SEO technique & sémantique*\n* Architecture sémantique (silos, maillage), *schema.org*, sitemaps, hreflang, redirections.\n* Optimisation contenu (briefs, optimisation on-page, rich snippets), stratégie blog/pillar pages.\n* Plan de netlinking éthique & monitoring de logs (selon stack).\n* *SEA / Paid Media*\n* Structuration de comptes (SKAG/Theme/Intent), mots clés, annonces RSA, Extensions, DSA si pertinent.\n* Suivi *ROAS/CPA*, ajustements d’enchères, mots-clés négatifs, tests d’offres et d’assets.\n* Event tracking *GA4 + GTM* (conversions server-side si possible).\n* *Conformité & Data*\n* *RGPD* : CMP (consent mode v2), DPA, minimisation données, purge.\n* Qualité de données (normalisation, dé-duplication), dictionnaire de champs et mapping CRM/ERP.\n\nStack & compétences techniques (must-have)\n\n* *Webflow* avancé (CMS, interactions, logic, performances, accessibilité WCAG AA).\n* *CRO* : frameworks (AIDA/PAS), tests A/B, formulaires avancés, analytics d’entonnoir.\n* *SEO* : technique (CWV, rendering, logs), on-page (balises, maillage), sémantique (briefs, topical authority).\n* *SEA* : Google Ads (Search/PMax/DSA), tracking GA4/GTM, UTM, ROAS/CPA.\n* *Automations* : *Make*, *n8n*, webhooks, APIs (OAuth, REST), WhatsApp Business/API.\n* *Chatbot & GPT* : prompts modulaires, classification intent, garde-fous, handoff.\n* *Data & QA* : GTM server-side (idéal), validation d’événements, plan de marquage, consent mode.\n\n* *Organisation* : remote/hybride, rituels hebdo, SLA sur mises en prod & corrections.\n* *Rémunération* : fixe + *bonus sur KPIs* (CPL/CPA/ROAS/CRO/CWV).\n\nSi vous êtes prêt(e) à relever ce défi dans un environnement stimulant où votre créativité sera mise à l'honneur, n'hésitez pas à postuler !\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI, CDD\nDurée du contrat : 3 mois\n\nRémunération : 22 553,25€ à 64 123,74€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Flextime\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3e5cef32cc5537c","title":"Responsable commerciale H/F","company":"Behring","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":34000,\"salaryMin\":33000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 33 000 € à 34 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"20 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3e5cef32cc5537c","description":"Découvrez BEHRING Water, l'entreprise grenobloise qui révolutionne les fontaines à eau depuis 2006. Avec une équipe dynamique de 40 personnes et une croissance exceptionnelle, nous sommes leaders de l'innovation. Engagés dans l'économie circulaire, nous proposons des fontaines à eau éco-conçues pour le secteur professionnel, limitant ainsi notre impact sur l'environnement.\n\nGrâce à notre technologie brevetée 100% Made In France, nous purifions l'eau directement du réseau, offrant une alternative écologique aux boissons en bouteille. Après avoir marqué les secteurs de la Santé et de la Restauration, nous lançons la « Fabrik à Boisson », une fontaine à eaux et softs drinks, redéfinissant la pause gourmande.\n\nNos fontaines se substituent au quotidien à l'eau en bouteille sans compromettre la sécurité, contribuant ainsi à la réduction des 15 millions de bouteilles consommées chaque jour en France.\n\nDans le cadre de notre développement continu, nous renforçons notre équipe commerciale sur toute la France. Nous recherchons des responsables commerciaux régionaux sur la France entière.\n\nRejoignez une équipe dynamique qui, jour après jour, bâtit un marché d’avenir\n\n*Votre rôle :*\n\nDans la continuité de notre croissance, nous recherchons notre future Commercial(e) pour renforcer notre équipe commerciale\n\nVos missions incluent :\n\n* Développer commercialement votre territoire en prospectant sur le terrain, au téléphone, par les réseaux sociaux ou votre réseau professionnel ;\n* Répondre aux demandes entrantes, qualifier les opportunités et réaliser les RDV commerciaux ;\n* Construire et présenter vos offres (coût, délais, faisabilité technique...) selon la politique commerciale ;\n* Générer de nouveaux leads : renouvellements de contrats, déploiement, extension du parc de fontaines chez nos clients actuels, ventes complémentaires…\n* Suivre vos contrats et entretenir un excellent relationnel avec vos clients en veillant à la qualité de service apporté en vous appuyant sur les services internes (Installation, Marketing, SAV, Qualité...) ;\n* Développer un réseau de contacts via LinkedIn et faire de la veille ;\n* Réaliser un reporting régulier et de qualité de vos activités via notre CRM Odoo (mise à jour des fiches clients, contrats, résiliations, opportunités) ;\n* Participer aux évènements et salons de votre marché et secteur & de l’écosystème innovation/RSE.\n* Assurer la veille concurrentielle et sectorielle\n\n*Profil recherché :*\n\nIssu(e) d’une formation idéalement de niveau Bac+2 filière Commerce/Vente, avec une expérience de 2 ans et plus dans le secteur BtoB (Services, CHR/ Horeca, Santé…). Chasseur dans l’âme, vous maîtrisez la vente, la négociation, les outils bureautiques et les CRM ainsi que LinkedIn et les outils de lead generation. Autonome tout en ayant un fort esprit d’équipe, vous faites preuve de rigueur, de dynamisme et de curiosité. Doté(e) d’un excellent sens de l’organisation, vous avez une forte culture du résultat, un sens commercial développé et une réelle orientation client.\n\nFemme ou homme de terrain, vous représenterez l’entreprise chez nos clients.\n\n*Ce que nous vous offrons :*\n\nSalaire fixe + variable attractif non plafonné (% du CA, 15k€ en moyenne) + véhicule de fonction + téléphone +ordinateur\n\nStatut Cadre\n\nParticipation aux abonnements sportifs\n\nTeam Buildings\n\nHome Office pour les commerciaux éloignés du siège\n\nMotivé(e) pour intégrer Behring ? N’hésitez plus ! Postulez !\n\n*Envoyez votre candidature (CV + Lettre de motivation) à : heba.baddour@behring-waters.com*\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\nStatut : Cadre\n\nRémunération : 33 000,00€ à 34 000,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* RTT\n* Véhicule de fonction\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3fb7d25e6813347","title":"Business Development Representative France","company":"AgoraPulse","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75001\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75001 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8592,\"longitude\":2.3417,\"streetAddress\":\"35 Bd de Sébastopol,75001 Paris,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"75001 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"10 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d3fb7d25e6813347","description":"Gérer vos réseaux sociaux n’a jamais été aussi simple !\n\nQui sommes-nous ?\n\nLeader européen du social media management, Agorapulse est implanté dans 18 pays et accompagne plus de 31 000 utilisateurs à l’échelle mondiale.\n\nAlors que fait-on exactement ? Nous permettons aux agences, aux entreprises et aux spécialistes du marketing de gérer leurs réseaux sociaux simplement. Programmation de leur contenu, édition des rapports statistiques, calcul du ROI de la stratégie social media et interaction avec l’audience et l’équipe depuis une seule et même plateforme pour tous les réseaux sociaux : Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google My Business et TikTok ! (si c’est pas beau ça ).\n\nNos chiffres\n\nNous sommes aujourd’hui 150 passionnés répartis entre nos locaux dans le centre de Paris (Châtelet) et à l’international. Notre organisation en semi-remote nous permet d'avoir des équipes talentueuses provenant des quatre coins du monde !\n\nCe que nous te proposons au quotidien en tant que BDR France\n\nRechercher, qualifier et contacter des clients potentiels alignés sur nos meilleurs PIC clients.\nVous êtes en charge de la mise en place et de la gestion du système de gestion de l'information de l'entreprise.\nUtiliser les médias sociaux pour identifier, cibler et engager les clients potentiels et développer des leads.\nQualifier et développer des prospects à partir de campagnes marketing\nMener des conversations de haut niveau avec les responsables des médias sociaux, les responsables des communautés et les responsables du marketing\nOrganiser des réunions pour qualifier les problèmes à résoudre afin de générer les SQO ciblés chaque mois.\nAtteindre ou dépasser en permanence les indicateurs d'activité : appels téléphoniques, courriels et activités de sensibilisation sur les médias sociaux, développement du pipeline et objectifs de quotas d'opportunités qualifiées.\nCollaborer avec le service marketing pour étudier les comptes, identifier les acteurs clés et développer des scripts et des messages.\nSuivre les progrès accomplis dans la réalisation des quotas avec les chargés de clientèle\nCollaborer avec l'équipe de direction des ventes pour élaborer des stratégies permettant d'atteindre les objectifs de vente.\nUtiliser un logiciel de gestion de la relation client (CRM) pour gérer les prospects et les activités de vente.\nSe tenir au courant des tendances du marché, de la concurrence et de l'évolution du secteur.\nMaîtriser la connaissance des produits\nFournir à la direction des rapports réguliers sur les activités de vente et les résultats.\n\nA propos de toi\n\n2 à 3 ans d'expérience dans la création de pipelines outbound\nExcellentes compétences en matière de communication écrite et orale, d'organisation et d'analyse.\nCapacité à établir et à entretenir des relations avec des clients potentiels\nConnaissance des techniques et stratégies de vente\nForte éthique de travail et capacité à travailler de manière autonome\nFlexibilité et capacité d'adaptation au changement\nDésir d'apprendre et de progresser dans le domaine de la vente\nUn niveau B2 en anglais\n\nPourquoi nous rejoindre\nScale-up à taille humaine : bonne croissance, santé financière, levée de fonds, mais sans les inconvénients\nUne montée en compétences ! Vous cherchez à vous développer professionnellement ? Bienvenue dans l'équipe\nEvoluer dans un contexte SaaS, B2B, Tech, et international.\nUne ambiance de travail exceptionnelle (vous pouvez regarder notre Glassdoor )\nDes collègues formidables et s'entourer d'une équipe de passionnés.\n\nLes prochaines étapes\n\nLe but est de te donner la possibilité d'apprendre à connaître au maximum les futurs membres clés de ton équipe. Entre chaque étape, tu seras toujours accompagné par notre équipe Talent Acquisition.\n\nUn premier screening call avec Capucine la Talent Acquisition Specialist (30min)\nUn entretien avec Baptiste, ton futur manager (45min)\nUn case study (1h)\nUn entretien culture fit avec notre CEO (40min)"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d5309ba0c4a04f44","title":"Développeur Front-End H/F","company":"LA CASERNE DU BATIMENT","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":64456,\"salaryMin\":27880,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 27 880 € à 64 456 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"4 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d5309ba0c4a04f44","description":"Contexte & objectif\n\nNotre Agence recherche un *partenaire *expert *Webflow* et *acquisition organique & payante (SEO/SEA)*, capable de :\n\n* Concevoir des *sites Webflow* performants (Core Web Vitals) avec *outils intégrés* : Chatbot, modules GPT/IA, formulaires avancés, analytics, consentement.\n* Produire des *landing pages d’acquisition* orientées *CRO* avec *workflows intégrés* (Make, n8n, emailing, WhatsApp).\n* Piloter l’*acquisition* (Google Ads/Meta/LinkedIn Ads selon besoins) et le *SEO* (technique + sémantique) pour générer des *leads qualifiés*.\n\nMissions principales\n\n* *Build Webflow & Design Système*\n* Maquettage (wireframes → UI) et intégration Webflow (CMS Collections, symboles, variables, interactions).\n* Implémentation des bonnes pratiques *Core Web Vitals* (LCP, INP, CLS), lazy-load, images responsives, minification.\n* Mise en place du *design system* (tokens, librairie de composants réutilisables).\n* *Landing Pages orientées Conversion*\n* Copywriting orienté ICP/angles de valeur, social proof, FAQ, prix, CTA sticky, formulaires multi-étapes.\n* Tests A/B (titres, offres, hero, formulaires), heatmaps/session replay (Hotjar/Clarity).\n* *Automations & Intégrations*\n* *Workflows Make & n8n* : capture → validation → enrichissement → routage (CRM/ERP, Slack, e-mail).\n* Intégration *WhatsApp* (WhatsApp Business/API) pour notifications & séquences.\n* Emailing/transactionnel (Postmark/Sendgrid/M365), double opt-in, webhooks.\n* *Chatbot/GPT* : assistant onsite (FAQ, qualification), prompts structurés, garde-fous, logs, handoff humain.\n* *SEO technique & sémantique*\n* Architecture sémantique (silos, maillage), *schema.org*, sitemaps, hreflang, redirections.\n* Optimisation contenu (briefs, optimisation on-page, rich snippets), stratégie blog/pillar pages.\n* Plan de netlinking éthique & monitoring de logs (selon stack).\n* *SEA / Paid Media*\n* Structuration de comptes (SKAG/Theme/Intent), mots clés, annonces RSA, Extensions, DSA si pertinent.\n* Suivi *ROAS/CPA*, ajustements d’enchères, mots-clés négatifs, tests d’offres et d’assets.\n* Event tracking *GA4 + GTM* (conversions server-side si possible).\n* *Conformité & Data*\n* *RGPD* : CMP (consent mode v2), DPA, minimisation données, purge.\n* Qualité de données (normalisation, dé-duplication), dictionnaire de champs et mapping CRM/ERP.\n\nStack & compétences techniques (must-have)\n\n* *Webflow* avancé (CMS, interactions, logic, performances, accessibilité WCAG AA).\n* *CRO* : frameworks (AIDA/PAS), tests A/B, formulaires avancés, analytics d’entonnoir.\n* *SEO* : technique (CWV, rendering, logs), on-page (balises, maillage), sémantique (briefs, topical authority).\n* *SEA* : Google Ads (Search/PMax/DSA), tracking GA4/GTM, UTM, ROAS/CPA.\n* *Automations* : *Make*, *n8n*, webhooks, APIs (OAuth, REST), WhatsApp Business/API.\n* *Chatbot & GPT* : prompts modulaires, classification intent, garde-fous, handoff.\n* *Data & QA* : GTM server-side (idéal), validation d’événements, plan de marquage, consent mode.\n\n* *Organisation* : remote/hybride, rituels hebdo, SLA sur mises en prod & corrections.\n* *Rémunération* : fixe + *bonus sur KPIs* (CPL/CPA/ROAS/CRO/CWV).\n\nSi vous êtes prêt(e) à relever ce défi dans un environnement stimulant où votre créativité sera mise à l'honneur, n'hésitez pas à postuler !\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI, CDD\nDurée du contrat : 3 mois\n\nRémunération : 27 880,00€ à 64 456,00€ par an\n\nAvantages :\n* Flextime\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d7067d0ba8c9ba63","title":"Deputy Chief Privacy Officer","company":"A&O Shearman","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d7067d0ba8c9ba63","description":"We are currently recruiting for a Deputy Chief Privacy Officer to join our Risk team in London. This Head level role will support and, as required, act as deputy for the Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) in the delivery of appropriate data privacy, data protection and data governance strategies, policies and procedures that enable the global firm to successfully deliver its business plans whilst complying with all legal and regulatory obligations and ensuring all data, and that of its clients and employees, is protected throughout its lifecycle.\n\nThe role will support the CPO in creating and maintaining a strong, technically capable and versatile function that enables colleagues to deliver world class legal, technology and AI services to our clients and will forge strong collaborative relationships with functional leads. The Deputy Chief Privacy Officer will allow the CPO to confidently focus on the wider strategic goals of the business and department after its globally significant merger.\n\nROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES\nTo support the CPO in the delivery of data privacy strategy to ensure the firm for the global firm and compliance with legal and regulatory obligations across its network (30+ countries), ensuring alignment to the firm’s risk appetite, client expectations and legal and regulatory changes and attitudes\nMange and provide day to day leadership and advice on data incident response globally, ensuring appropriate action is taken to minimize the risks associated with actual or potential exfiltration of data, including forensic document review, legal and regulatory reporting, client and individual notifications and reputation management.\nAct as a trusted adviser to partners, functional heads and others on data incident management, response and remediation worldwide\nTo support the CPO and CISO in the formulation and delivery of the firm’s cyber and incident response strategy and response framework\nEnsure data security risks are appropriately identified, mitigated and managed to ensure operational resilience, including tracking and legal and regulatory developments globally and adapting the firm’s policies and compliance frameworks accordingly\nLead and deliver strategic projects across the firm, ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory obligations, enhancing data governance and driving the firm's security and data strategies\nEstablish, maintain and develop relationships with strategic external partners to enable delivery against the CPO’s strategic objectives\nTo lead on data protection regulatory reporting globally, developing and maintaining systems and processes designed to meet regulatory reporting obligations, working closely with partners, clients, subject matter experts others inside and outside the business to ensure the firm meets legal and regulatory obligations to clients, regulators, individuals and other third parties\nTo ensure the safeguarding of individuals' privacy and security with a compassionate and empathetic approach, addressing their concerns and needs with sensitivity\nTo develop, maintain and report to senior management and other key stakeholders on regulatory data breach records to ensure the firm meets its legal obligations and to inform decision-making and strategy development in the firm\nProvide expert advice to Client Audit and Engagement Terms teams in connection with data incident response and reporting\nLead thorough and independent investigations into data privacy and security issues, including in response to compliance breaches and complaints, ensuring the highest levels of accountability\nTo provide expert legal advice on the compliant handling of data throughout its lifecycle, including ingestion/creation, internal and external transfer/sharing, data retention, archiving and disposal\nTo support the CPO in the provision of advice to ensure the development of future technology meets all legal, regulatory and ethical standards\nLeverage advanced technology solutions to meet the responsibilities of the team and this role, ensuring compliance with evolving regulatory standards and industry best practices\nBuild strong working relationships with technical, security and risk teams to work effectively together to ensure compliance with multi-disciplinary regulatory frameworks, including data privacy and legal regulation, and work with Client Audit and Engagement Terms teams to shape and comply with incident reporting and security requirements in a way that is positive for the firm and its clients\nTo design and champion data privacy and security training and awareness programmes and initiatives in order to drive cultural awareness and embed change across the global business\nKEY REQUIREMENTS\nEngland and Wales qualified lawyer with significant post qualification experience\nRecognized data privacy qualification and/or a significant amount of experience providing data privacy advice in a legal or professional services organisation or similar corporate\nExpert knowledge of international privacy laws, regulations and industry best practice and experience of implementing privacy policies and practices in an international context\nThe ability to advise on strategies at a global level to manage and mitigate risks associated with data privacy and security\nDetailed knowledge and experience of advising on international data transfers, data export restrictions and individual rights\nExperience of adopting and using IT solutions to identify, manage and meet data privacy requirements and goals\nExperience of coordinating and advising senior stakeholders on data incidents in a highly regulated global context\nKnowledge and experience of advising on data privacy aspects of data, technology and cyber security issues\nAbility to influence senior stakeholders and provide directive advice in a fast paced highly regulated environment\nProven experience in managing and providing leadership to lawyers and/or specialists\nAn ability to evaluate and prioritise efforts in keeping with the organisation’s strategy and culture\nA pro-active and highly collaborative mindset\nExcellent attention to detail\nA high degree of initiative and creative thinking, capable of developing original solutions to complex problems\nStrong project management skills\nExcellent communication skills\nProven good independent judgement\nExcellent analytical skills and the ability to review and assimilate/report on large volumes of data in short timescales\nWillingness to be available for incident and emergency handling outside of core office hours where required\nDemonstrable commitment to high standards of ethics, regulatory compliance, client service and business integrity\n\nShould you require additional support at any stage of the recruitment process due to a disability or a health condition, please do not hesitate to contact a member of our recruitment team who will work with you to provide any adjustments as required.\n\nWe are an equal opportunities recruiter and do not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic.\n\nWe recognise that our people are our most valuable asset, which is reflected in the wide range of benefits that are available to our employees. Some of these benefits include: our occupational pension scheme, group income protection cover, private medical insurance, mental health resources and free apps, health and wellbeing services encompassing an onsite gym, wellbeing centre and GP service, emergency back-up care support, parental and special leave, holiday entitlement increasing with length of service, holiday trading, season ticket loans and online discounts and lifestyle management services.\n\nOur approach to hybrid working seeks to combine and maximise the benefits of effective remote working with the benefits of being in the office. Our current hybrid working arrangements require office based working for a minimum of 60% of your time (i.e. three days per week for a full time role) in accordance with our hybrid working policy.\n\nAdditional information - External\n\nA&O Shearman is a global industry-leading law firm, with nearly 50 offices in 28 countries worldwide. Our fluency in English law, US law, and the laws of the world’s most dynamic markets, enables us to provide unmatched insight and seamless delivery to clients. We work on challenging and important deals and disputes that have the potential to shape the future.\n\nWe offer exceptional opportunities for our people; opportunities to work for the world’s leading businesses; to transform the status quo, and to deliver your best work, helping you and your career to thrive, while delivering unparalleled outcomes for our clients.\n\nWhether you're helping clients solve complex challenges, transforming the ways we manage our business, or ensuring the smooth-running of our operations, this is an environment where you can belong and excel. We provide first-rate training and development, we are committed to an inclusive environment, and we provide support and ways of working that help you optimise your wellbeing.\n\nWhat truly defines a career with us? We recruit the best and ask for the best of you. And together, we will redefine success."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d827db302ff82f47","title":"Lead Growth & Acquisition (h/f)","company":"SEWAN","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75010\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75010 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8709,\"longitude\":2.3561,\"streetAddress\":\"Cité Paradis 2\",\"fullAddress\":\"75010 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d827db302ff82f47","description":"Description de l'entreprise\n\nCréée en 2007, Sewan est née du constat que la transition numérique des entreprises reste encore trop complexe. Avec l’ambition de simplifier les communications des entreprises, Sewan s’est développée autour d’un modèle économique innovant en marque blanche et d’une plateforme SaaS devenue le cœur de son ADN : Sophia.\n\nSophia est une solution entièrement automatisée, accessible via une interface intuitive. Elle permet à nos partenaires et clients de commander, configurer et déployer facilement un large catalogue de services cloud et télécom destinés aux utilisateurs : téléphonie hébergée, centres d'appels, téléphonie mobile, lien d'accès, hébergement cloud et cybersécurité.\n\nAujourd’hui, plus de 1 M d'utilisateurs en entreprise font confiance aux solutions et à l'expertise de Sewan. L’entreprise s’appuie sur un réseau solide de 1 350 partenaires distributeurs et accompagne 165 000 clients professionnels.\n\nAvec trois acquisitions en Espagne, Belgique et récemment aux Pays-Bas, Sewan poursuit son expansion européenne. Elle a réalisé en 2019 une levée de fonds record de 75 M€ et atteint un chiffre d’affaires de 188 M€ en 2024.\n\nEn savoir plus sur Sewan\n\nDescription du poste\n\nLE SERVICE MARKETING CHEZ SEWAN\n\nLe service Marketing de Sewan est une équipe transverse et agile, au cœur de la stratégie de croissance de l’entreprise. Il regroupe des expertises variées – contenu, digital, CRM, événementiel, design et data – et travaille en étroite collaboration avec les équipes Produit, Sales et internationales pour déployer des campagnes performantes, alignées sur les enjeux business.\n\nVOS RESPONSABILITÉS\n\nSTRATÉGIE D’ACQUISITION & CROISSANCE MULTICANAL\n\nEn collaboration avec le Head of Marketing, définir une stratégie d’acquisition combinant SEO, contenus, campagnes payantes (Google Ads, LinkedIn Ads), retargeting, co-marketing et événements digitaux.\n\nIdentifier les leviers prioritaires par cible, segment et pays.\n\nÉlaborer un plan de croissance court/moyen/long terme avec des KPIs précis\n\nAssurer la création et la diffusion des landing pages et funnels de conversion\n\nPILOTAGE DES CAMPAGNES D’ACQUISITION PAYANTE & ORGANIQUE\n\nLancer, suivre et optimiser les campagnes paid.\n\nCollaborer étroitement avec notre Lead Content pour maximiser le reach et l’impact des contenus marketing et avec l'agence SEO pour améliorer leur portée organique et leur référencement naturel.\n\nAssurer un reporting régulier des performances (PowerBI, Dynamics, Heap).\n\nOPTIMISATION DU CRM & AUTOMATION MARKETING\n\nStructurer la segmentation des leads, le scoring et les parcours d’activation dans notre CRM (Dynamics).\n\nDéployer des scénarios d’email automation (nurturing, onboarding, upsell).\n\nAméliorer l’intégration data entre les différents outils marketing/sales (CRM, emailing Brevo, tracking, site).\n\nPromouvoir la culture data en interne via la formation, le reporting et l’analyse des parcours client.\n\nEXPÉRIMENTATION, TEST & AMÉLIORATION CONTINUE\n\nProposer des expérimentations growth pour explorer de nouveaux relais de croissance.\n\nPrioriser les actions en fonction de leur impact business et de la data terrain.\n\nINTERACTIONS CLÉS\n\nCollaboration quotidienne avec : Head of Marketing, Lead Content, Chef de projet événementiel, Designer, équipe digitale et Produit.\n\nSuivi régulier avec les Sales et les Channel Managers pour faire remonter les insights marché\n\nCoordination avec les équipes marketing des autres entités Sewan à l’étranger.\n\nCoordination avec les agences : SEO, Data, CRM.\n\nQualifications\n\nFormation : Bac +4/5 en marketing ou domaine connexe.\n\nExpérience significative en acquisition digitale, CRM et marketing performance (minimum 5 ans en B2B).\n\nMaîtrise avancée des outils : Google Ads, Meta Ads, LinkedIn Campaign Manager, Google Analytics, PowerBI, Dynamics, outils d’emailing et CRM.\n\nVision stratégique et capacité opérationnelle à lancer des campagnes, construire des parcours CRM et tester de nouveaux canaux.\n\nEsprit analytique, orienté performance, test & learn.\n\nForte culture de l’automatisation et de l’efficacité opérationnelle.\n\nSensibilité avancée à l’usage de l’intelligence artificielle dans un contexte marketing : vous utilisez déjà l’IA pour automatiser, itérer ou accélérer des tâches (analyse, rédaction, planification, personnalisation, etc.).\n\nAnglais courant indispensable (collaboration internationale).\n\nAppétence produit : une volonté réelle de s’approprier et maîtriser les produits cloud & télécom.\n\nNous recherchons un candidat passionné et motivé, prêt à relever les défis de la croissance et de l’innovation au sein de notre équipe. Rejoignez-nous pour contribuer au succès de Sewan et développer votre carrière dans un environnement stimulant.\n\nInformations supplémentaires\n\nPourquoi Sewan ?\n\nLe Bien-être au cœur de nos préoccupations\n\nDepuis plus de 5 ans, Sewan est labélisée Happy At Work et se positionne à la 5ème place du classement HappyIndex®AtWork World 2024 en tant qu’entreprise de plus de 500 collaborateurs.\n\nChaque jour, nous travaillons pour que les Sewaners se sentent bien.\n\nNotre index égalité Femmes/ hommes est de 86/100.\n\nUne politique RSE forte : Médaille d'argent \"Ecovadis\" pour notre performance RSE\n\nA titre d'exemples, chez Sewan nous développons le Mécénat de compétences.1 journée par an est offerte à chaque collaborateur pour contribuer à relever les grands défis sociaux et environnementaux.\n\nNous mettons en place les trophées RSE pour que nos Sewaners soient acteurs de notre politique RSE !\n\nUne participation aux bénéfices\n\nQui accompagne la belle croissance de Sewan depuis plusieurs années.\n\nDu Télétravail\n\n2 jours de télétravail par semaine.\n\nUn salaire mais bien plus !\n\n9 à 12 RTT par an, Mutuelle prise à charge à 75%, Tickets Restaurant d'une valeur de 12€75 (pris en charge à 57% par Sewan), forfait mobilité durable à hauteur de 500€/ an, Chèques cadeaux de +150€, crèches d'entreprise … et bien plus :)\n\nLa mobilité interne\n\nChaque année, ce sont 10% de salariés qui évoluent en interne. L'évolution de carrière fait partie de la philosophie de Sewan.\n\nUn accord et une charte mobilité accompagnent l'expérience des salariés tout au long de leur vie chez Sewan.\n\nL'esprit Sewan\n\nChez Sewan, nous nous engageons à garantir des processus de recrutement inclusifs et à plaider pour l’embauche et la promotion de chaque candidat de manière éthique et équitable.\n\nNous interdisons strictement toute discrimination à l'encontre de tout candidat à un emploi en raison de son identité ou expression de genre, de son orientation sexuelle, de ses origines socio-économiques et/ou multiculturelles, de son état de santé, de son âge, de sa religion ou de toute autre caractéristique protégée par la loi.\n\nNous sommes fiers de garantir l'égalité des chances pour tous nos candidats.\n\nNos engagements pour l'inclusion\n\n• Sensibilisation des équipes Sewan à travers des conférences et des formations thématiques.\n\n• Individualisation du processus d’intégration et suivi rapproché par la Mission Handicap interne.\n\n• Une écoute confidentielle et un accompagnement personnalisé :\n\nChez Sewan, nous mettons un point d’honneur à accompagner chaque collaborateur dans son parcours professionnel, notamment les personnes en situation de handicap.\n\nNotre référente handicap est à votre disposition pour répondre à toutes vos questions en toute confidentialité. Son rôle : garantir un accompagnement adapté à vos besoins, faciliter votre intégration au sein de nos équipes et assurer le respect de nos engagements en faveur de l’inclusion.\n\nEngagement en faveur du handicap\n\nChez Sewan, nous sommes convaincus que la diversité est une richesse et nous nous engageons à favoriser l’inclusion des personnes en situation de handicap. Si vous bénéficiez de la Reconnaissance de la Qualité de Travailleur Handicapé (RQTH) et que vous avez besoin d’aménagements spécifiques dans le cadre de votre processus de recrutement, n’hésitez pas à nous contacter à l’adresse suivante avant de démarrer le processus de recrutement : recrutement@sewan.fr.\n\nEncouragements à candidater\n\nSewan souhaite donner sa chance à des personnes de tous horizons. Nous avons conscience que tout le monde ne répondra pas à l’intégralité des qualifications attendues dès le premier jour, et c'est normal. Si vous êtes attiré par le secteur de la tech et des télécommunications et que vous souhaitez développer vos compétences, nous vous encourageons vivement à postuler.\n\nProcessus de recrutement\n\nNous souhaitons que votre expérience de recrutement chez Sewan soit fluide et agréable. Voici les étapes clés du processus :\n\nPréqualification téléphonique.\nDeux entretiens d'embauche : un avec l'équipe recrutement et un avec votre futur manager.\nUn test technique (uniquement pour certains postes techniques).\nUn retour téléphonique systématique."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da89bd64d64d2a94","title":"Client Success Partner - Enterprise","company":"360Learning","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=da89bd64d64d2a94","description":"As a Client Success Partner (CSP) within the Enterprise team, you will support our largest clients in their digital training strategy through the 360Learning platform.\n\nYour mission is to build a strong relationship with the HR executives (CHRO, Chief Learning Officer & Digital Learning Manager) of our clients to develop the usage, adoption & impact of our solution.\n\nGiven the complexity of Enterprise clients, you will act as a true facilitator to ensure the renewal of the clients by :\n\n- coordinating the different 360Learning resources (technical, pedagogical,...)\n- empowering the client with the Enterprise positioning and vision provided by our solution\n\nUltimately, you will ensure the renewal or signing of new contracts for accounts listed in your portfolio.\n\nWithin one month, you will:\nMaster our product and Convexity corporate culture\nFamiliarize yourself with the processes and tools used by our Client Success Partner (CSP) team\nParticipate in your first customer meetings with other CSP’s from the team\nWithin three months, you will:\nTake over a portfolio of existing customers, for the largest accounts (Enterprise accounts) at 360Learning\nStart new projects with prospects and clients\n\nWithin six months you will:\nDefine the learning transformation roadmap with the client and identify the resources needed to achieve them\nDefine a retro-planning of the initiatives on the solution and vouch for it\nIdentify and document customer use cases\nDevelop a relationship of trust between the client and 360Learning, particularly by having direct contact with Top Management teams\nWork with the Account Managers to identify new project opportunities to develop the account (up-selling and cross-selling opportunities)\nWithin twelve months, you will:\nReduce churn by identifying customers at risk and implementing a remedial action plan\nIdentify strong leaders & advocates within the client’s team\nDevelop and share good business practices with the entire Client Success team\nThe Skills Set\n3+ years of experience as a Client Success Manager or HR/Learning/Change Management Consulting or Digital Learning Manager\nAbility to lead complex and impactful projects in/for Enterprise accounts (more than 2000 employees)\nProven knowledge of the SaaS B2B industry is a plus\nProven interest in the digital industry, education, and e-learning in particular\nExcellent interpersonal and communication skills\nNative French, and excellent English proficiency (B2 minimum)\nWhat We Offer\nCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity\nBenefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent\nBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France\nDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact\nCorporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter\nCulture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L & find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC ‍\nThe Interview Process\nPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager\nDiscovery Meeting with a Client Success Partner from our Enterprise team\nCase Study with our Director of Customer Success and our Customer Success Entreprise Coach\nClarification Meeting with our Customer Success Operations Manager\nCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Customer Officer\nOffer !\n\n Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggC\nWho We Are\n360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.\n\n360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.\n\nLearning Includes Everyone.\nIn concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=db6ce154e19d78ae","title":"Creative Producer (Ads)","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=db6ce154e19d78ae","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a leading tech company that creates and operates innovative consumer products. We offer a diverse range of opportunities across the health, education, and entertainment industries. Our innovative teams are driving the future of consumer-led products, and we're always looking for passionate individuals to join us. Learn more about our story at: https://rubylabs.com/about-us/\n\nAbout the role\n\nWe are seeking a talented and innovative Ad Creative Producer to join our dynamic marketing team at Ruby Labs. This full-time role is central to driving our advertising creative process across multiple consumer-focused brands. You will be responsible for developing new ad concepts, managing production timelines, and collaborating with various teams to ensure that our creatives not only captivate but also convert. As a key player in the ad production lifecycle, you will work directly under the Ad Creative Lead and maintain close coordination with User Acquisition Managers to refine and optimize our advertising strategies based on performance data.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nCreative Development:\n\nLead the ideation and conceptualization of new ad creatives that resonate with diverse audiences, with an emphasis on strategies that enhance customer acquisition.\n\nStay ahead of industry trends to integrate innovative elements into creative production, ensuring our creatives are captivating and effectively convert viewers into customers.\n\nCollaborate with design teams to transform ideas into compelling ad creatives that align with brand values and effectively meet campaign goals.\n\nProject Management:\n\nOversee the production process to ensure all projects are delivered on time and meet the creative vision, with particular attention to optimizing the impact on customer acquisition.\n\nCoordinate with designers, user acquisition managers, and other team members to ensure smooth workflow and high-quality outputs.\n\nPerformance Analysis:\n\nWork closely with User Acquisition Managers to analyze the performance of ad creatives across various platforms, identifying those that best contribute to customer acquisition.\n\nGenerate and test hypotheses in A/B testing to refine creatives, with a focus on optimizing conversion rates and improving overall campaign performance.\n\nProvide regular reports to the Ad Creative Lead on the impact and effectiveness of ad creatives, highlighting their role in driving customer acquisition.\n\nMarket and Competitor Analysis:\n\nConduct thorough competitor research to understand market benchmarks and creative standards, particularly those successful in acquiring customers.\n\nIdentify emerging trends in ad creative production and propose innovative solutions to leverage these trends for better market positioning and customer engagement.\n\nCollaborative Efforts:\n\nLiaise between creative teams and user acquisition managers to ensure that ad creatives are optimized for performance based on real-time data.\n\nFacilitate brainstorming sessions that encourage a culture of creativity and continuous improvement, aimed at boosting customer acquisition and retention.\n\nQualifications\n\nExperience:\n\n3+ years of experience in creative production or a similar role, preferably in a tech-focused or consumer product company.\n\nProven track record of managing creative projects from inception to completion.\n\nStrong portfolio demonstrating expertise in producing high-performing digital ads.\n\nTechnical Skills:\n\nExpertise in digital advertising platforms and understanding of performance metrics.\n\nProficiency in project management tools and collaboration software.\n\nAbility to perform data analysis to draw actionable insights from campaign results.\n\nUp-to-date knowledge of AI tools used in creative production, with the ability to leverage them effectively to generate innovative ad creatives.\n\nPersonal Qualities:\n\nStrong creative vision with the ability to think out of the box and challenge the status quo.\n\nExcellent communication and interpersonal skills to manage diverse teams and stakeholders.\n\nDetail-oriented with strong organizational skills to manage multiple projects simultaneously.\n\nAdaptability:\n\nAbility to quickly adapt to new technologies and changes in the digital marketing landscape.\n\nWillingness to experiment with new creative ideas and approaches to advertising.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere, anytime, promoting a healthy work-life balance.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nCompany-provided MacBook: Experience seamless productivity with top-notch Apple MacBooks provided to all employees who need them.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received. If we see a potential fit, we proceed with the following steps:\n\nRecruiter Screening (40 minutes)\n\nTask Assignment\n\nFinal Interview (60 minutes)\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0a4f1f1efedd516","title":"Account Executive EU - Paris based","company":"Luzmo","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"15 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0a4f1f1efedd516","description":"Luzmo is an embedded analytics platform that enables software vendors to integrate interactive dashboards and insights directly into their applications. Founded in Belgium in 2015, Luzmo operates in over 33 countries, with core markets in North America and Europe. Rebranded in 2023 and backed by fresh funding, the company is set for significant growth.\n\nWhat the role entails:\n\nAs an EU Account Executive (AE) at Luzmo, you will help shape the future of Luzmo’s mission with your perspectives, ideas and skills. You will be contributing to the EU revenue growth by working closely with other Account Executives, the Marketing team and the Customer Success Managers.\n\nWe take a data driven, analytical approach to in- and outbound sales, and are looking for someone who is confident in both prospecting and closing new customers. If you’re hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!\n\nWhat you’ll do:\n\nDrive new client acquisition, own your markets and associated quota, while managing all aspects of a competitive and complex sales cycle.\n\nAchieve monthly, quarterly and yearly pipeline goals, as well as defined team goals and objectives.\n\nShape, qualify, nurture, chase your opportunities and zero in for the close relentlessly.\n\nAce accurate forecasts through continuously assessing your pipeline.\n\nEnsure consistent revenue contribution, mastering inbound leads and leveraging outbound channels and tools to create your own pipeline.\n\nAbsorb learnings and build a solid understanding of the SaaS industry and Luzmo’s product to spark meaningful conversations.\n\n1:1s with your manager and weekly knowledge sharing sessions with the sales team to improve our processes + approach.\n\nWho we are looking for:\n\nSales expert with either hands-on experience in selling software, services, or technical products in a B2B environment or an agency recruitment background.\n\nLifelong learner: our product is pretty technical and you need to put in the work to be able to advise and consult.\n\nAbility to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment.\n\nSaaS software experience is a strong plus.\n\nSuperior verbal and written communication skills.\n\nProven track record to influence C-level executives.\n\nOutstanding analytical and quantitative capabilities.\n\nOutgoing, quick thinker.\n\nStrong work ethic: you take initiative, prioritize your tasks, and get things done.\n\nSelf-starter who is used to working in a scrappy team\n\nNative level French speaker with excellent command of English\n\nBased in or around Paris as we love being close to our customers.\n\nHow we work:\n\nTrust. A lot of us work from home and we rely on each other to do our jobs without constant oversight. We're against micro management and we let our output do the talking. We're motivated by constant progress and enjoy celebrating all wins together whether big or small.\n\nTeam. We're a distributed workforce with folks in Belgium, USA, India, Egypt, Spain,, and The Netherlands. We emphasize on communicating in a direct but kind way. We respect each other's space and people don't plan meetings just for the sake of it.\n\nChallenge. Our team is motivated to win. We're up against well known companies in a maturing industry and our disruptor status is what drives us forward together.\n\nPerks:\n\nBase salary and commission structure.\n\nFlexible holiday policy.\n\nInternational get togethers.\n\nHealthcare coverage.\n\nAny equipment/software/tech that you need to do your job."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0d1ab809eeb5d6b","title":"Performance Creative Producer","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0d1ab809eeb5d6b","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a leading tech company that creates and operates innovative consumer products. We offer a diverse range of opportunities across the health, education, and entertainment industries. Our innovative teams are driving the future of consumer-led products, and we're always looking for passionate individuals to join us. Learn more about our story at: https://rubylabs.com/about-us/\n\nAbout the role\n\nWe are seeking a talented and innovative Ad Creative Producer to join our dynamic marketing team at Ruby Labs. This full-time role is central to driving our advertising creative process across multiple consumer-focused brands. You will be responsible for developing new ad concepts, managing production timelines, and collaborating with various teams to ensure that our creatives not only captivate but also convert. As a key player in the ad production lifecycle, you will work directly under the Ad Creative Lead and maintain close coordination with User Acquisition Managers to refine and optimize our advertising strategies based on performance data.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nCreative Development:\n\nLead the ideation and conceptualization of new ad creatives that resonate with diverse audiences, with an emphasis on strategies that enhance customer acquisition.\n\nStay ahead of industry trends to integrate innovative elements into creative production, ensuring our creatives are captivating and effectively convert viewers into customers.\n\nCollaborate with design teams to transform ideas into compelling ad creatives that align with brand values and effectively meet campaign goals.\n\nProject Management:\n\nOversee the production process to ensure all projects are delivered on time and meet the creative vision, with particular attention to optimizing the impact on customer acquisition.\n\nCoordinate with designers, user acquisition managers, and other team members to ensure smooth workflow and high-quality outputs.\n\nPerformance Analysis:\n\nWork closely with User Acquisition Managers to analyze the performance of ad creatives across various platforms, identifying those that best contribute to customer acquisition.\n\nGenerate and test hypotheses in A/B testing to refine creatives, with a focus on optimizing conversion rates and improving overall campaign performance.\n\nProvide regular reports to the Ad Creative Lead on the impact and effectiveness of ad creatives, highlighting their role in driving customer acquisition.\n\nMarket and Competitor Analysis:\n\nConduct thorough competitor research to understand market benchmarks and creative standards, particularly those successful in acquiring customers.\n\nIdentify emerging trends in ad creative production and propose innovative solutions to leverage these trends for better market positioning and customer engagement.\n\nCollaborative Efforts:\n\nLiaise between creative teams and user acquisition managers to ensure that ad creatives are optimized for performance based on real-time data.\n\nFacilitate brainstorming sessions that encourage a culture of creativity and continuous improvement, aimed at boosting customer acquisition and retention.\n\nQualifications\n\nExperience:\n\n3+ years of experience in creative production or a similar role, preferably in a tech-focused or consumer product company.\n\nProven track record of managing creative projects from inception to completion.\n\nStrong portfolio demonstrating expertise in producing high-performing digital ads.\n\nTechnical Skills:\n\nExpertise in digital advertising platforms and understanding of performance metrics.\n\nProficiency in project management tools and collaboration software.\n\nAbility to perform data analysis to draw actionable insights from campaign results.\n\nUp-to-date knowledge of AI tools used in creative production, with the ability to leverage them effectively to generate innovative ad creatives.\n\nPersonal Qualities:\n\nStrong creative vision with the ability to think out of the box and challenge the status quo.\n\nExcellent communication and interpersonal skills to manage diverse teams and stakeholders.\n\nDetail-oriented with strong organizational skills to manage multiple projects simultaneously.\n\nAdaptability:\n\nAbility to quickly adapt to new technologies and changes in the digital marketing landscape.\n\nWillingness to experiment with new creative ideas and approaches to advertising.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere, anytime, promoting a healthy work-life balance.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nCompany-provided MacBook: Experience seamless productivity with top-notch Apple MacBooks provided to all employees who need them.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received. If we see a potential fit, we proceed with the following steps:\n\nRecruiter Screening (40 minutes)\n\nTask Assignment\n\nFinal Interview (60 minutes)\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e17ce90bd11647f7","title":"Customer Success Manager","company":"Traackr","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"22 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e17ce90bd11647f7","description":"Traackr is a global SaaS technology company providing a data-driven influencer marketing platform that marketers use to optimize investments, streamline campaigns, and scale programs. Our customers range from some of the world’s largest companies in the beauty and personal care space to digitally native indie brands, which have all made influencer management and engagement a critical practice of their marketing and advertising programs. We are a remote-first company, and for the folks that like to meet in person, we have offices in San Francisco, New York, Boston, Paris, and London.\n\nAt Traackr, we’re lucky to have a team of kind, driven, and respectful humans from around the world. We operate on a culture of mutual respect, with core value pillars including:\n\n- Trust. We earn the trust of our team, customers, creators, and partners through transparency, predictability, and integrity.\n- Diversity. Bringing diverse perspectives to the table results in stronger outcomes. All are welcome.\n- Value. Through our words and actions, we strive to create tangible value for our customers and peers. We only succeed when our community succeeds.\n- Ownership. We lead with action. We take pride in solving the hardest challenges and feel accountable for our commitments.\n- Mutual success. We share goals with each other and with our clients. Alignment, collaboration, and empathy are the cornerstones of our success.\n\nOur team also loves having fun together, with many employee-led initiatives like the Traackr Summer Olympics annual workout challenge!\n\nAs a Customer Success Manager, you will partner with clients to ensure the successful implementation and adoption of Traackr. You will work closely with global enterprise clients, delivering a best-in-class customer experience and helping them achieve their influencer program goals. Your role will focus on building strong customer relationships, optimizing product usage, and driving measurable success for clients through the delivery of tailored solutions and support.\nResponsibilities\nClient Onboarding & Training: Develop and execute personalized onboarding and training plans for new clients, ensuring they effectively learn and adopt the Traackr platform. Provide coaching and use case analysis to facilitate early success.\nSuccess Measurement: Establish critical success metrics for clients' influencer programs, ensuring both quantitative and qualitative measures are in place to track progress and outcomes.\nStrategic Guidance: Leverage insights into current program gaps and opportunities to highlight the benefits of Traackr’s product and align with clients' strategic objectives.\nMonitor Adoption & Usage: Continuously track and address product adoption, ensuring clients are fully utilizing Traackr’s capabilities to meet their goals.\nCollaboration: Work closely with Client Partners and fellow Customer Success Managers to implement strategic account management, identifying and escalating any signals of risk and exploring opportunities for account growth.\nQualifications\n5+ years of experience as a Customer Success Manager, preferably working with global enterprise clients.\nStrong understanding of SaaS technology, particularly in marketing or communication ecosystems, with experience supporting marketing products or technologies.\nExperience in beauty or influencer marketing is highly preferred.\nExcellent public speaking, presentation, and facilitation skills, with experience leading dynamic workshops for both small and large groups.\nStrong written and verbal communication skills across multiple geographies, with the ability to engage with clients at all organizational levels.\nA collaborative and team-oriented mindset, contributing to both individual success and team goals.\nExperience working in a consultative capacity with clients, including running workshops, delivering presentations, and discussing goals and program outcomes with senior stakeholders.\nBachelor’s degree or higher.\nBenefits\n\n• Competitive Salary\n• Remote Work Options with Hybrid Flexibility and Home Office Set-Up Stipend\n• Coworking Office Subscription for Collaborative Spaces\n• Comprehensive Health, Dental, and Life Insurance Coverage for You and Your Dependents*\n• Open Vacation Policy and Flexible Holiday Schedule to Suit Your Needs\n• Paid Parental Leave to Support Quality Time with Your Loved Ones\n• Career Development, including Internal and External Training Opportunities\n\n*Benefit programs vary by country/state of residency, are subject to eligibility requirements, and may be modified occasionally. Ask for more details about benefits in your specific region.\n\nThis position is 100% remote, with the understanding that occasional in-person attendance may be required for trainings, meetings, and team gatherings, as determined by your manager.\n\nTraackr employs individuals in multiple US states and countries. We use market benchmark data and geographic zones to determine our salary ranges. Your zone's specific pay range is dependent on your location. We encourage you to discuss your zone-specific pay range with your recruiter at Traackr for more details.\n\nPosting Statement\nTraackr is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other legally protected characteristics. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.\n\nUnsolicited resumes\nTraackr does not accept unsolicited resumes/CVs from headhunters or recruiting agencies sent directly to Traackr employees or through our website. Traackr will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company without a signed agreement with Traackr.\n\nPrivacy\nTraackr, Inc. has published a Privacy Notice, including CCAP for California and GDPR policies for its UK and European Union subsidiaries, accessible at https://www.traackr.com/privacy-policy.\n\nAll questions, comments, and requests regarding data processing at Traackr should be addressed to HR@traackr.com.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e204479dfdcc10b0","title":"Technical Project Manager","company":"PENNYLANE","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"10 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e204479dfdcc10b0","description":"Mission\n\nNotre ambition est de devenir le logiciel de pilotage financier préféré des PMEs européennes.\nNous aidons les entrepreneurs à se débarrasser des tâches chronophages liées à la comptabilité et à la finance, tout en leur donnant accès à des informations financières clés pour les aider à prendre les meilleures décisions pour leur entreprise.\n\nParallèlement, nous aidons les cabinets d'expertise-comptable, en leur permettant de passer moins de temps sur des tâches redondantes et répétitives, et plus de temps sur la partie conseil et accompagnement de leurs clients.\n\nA propos de Pennylane\n\nPennylane est une des fintech à la plus forte croissance en France (et bientôt en Europe !)\nEn 4 ans et demi d'existence, nous avons réussi à :\n\n Nous positionner sur le marché comme un éditeur de solution de comptabilité et de gestion financière innovant\n Lever un total de 150 millions d'euros, auprès d'investisseurs de renom, dont Sequoïa, le fonds phare de la Silicon Valley, connu pour avoir soutenu Google, Facebook, Airbnb, Stripe, Paypal et bien d'autres à leur début\n‍‍‍ Passer de 7 cofondateurs à une équipe de 550 collaborateurs, avec une note moyenne de 4,6/5 sur Glassdoor et un e-NPS de 94\n Construire une équipe internationale composée de collaborateurs issus de 30 pays différents, avec une culture du télétravail très flexible\n Gagner la confiance de milliers de clients et de cabinets comptables et obtenir des notations exceptionnelles. Aujourd’hui ce sont plus de 500 000 dirigeants de startups, TPE/PME/ETI ainsi que plus de 4500 cabinets d'expertise-comptable que Pennylane accompagne tous les jours en les aidant à mieux piloter leur activité.\n\nPourquoi ce rôle est-il si important chez nous ?\n\nAujourd'hui, c'est plus de 4 500 cabinets d'expertise comptable qui ont décidé de migrer (au moins) une partie de leur portefeuille clients sur Pennylane (et plus de 50 nouveaux cabinets tous les mois). Changer de logiciel de comptabilité pour un cabinet n'est pas une mince affaire : les cabinets nous confient leur cœur de métier. Cela implique que nous puissions migrer des données financières et comptables hautement sensibles, paramétrer Pennylane de sorte à ce que l'outil puisse répondre aux besoins d’interopérabilité spécifiques d'un cabinet.\n\nDans un contexte de migrations croissantes Nous ouvrons 1 nouvelles position pour une équipe existante de 17 personnes au global !\n\nComment vas-tu contribuer au projet ?\n\nEn tant que Technical Project Manager (ou appelé Partner Solution Architect ), tu es le(la) responsable de l'implémentation technique de la solution Pennylane au sein des cabinets d'expertise comptable qui ont décidé de migrer sur notre outil.\n\nTon rôle est donc de travailler avec une multitude de parties prenantes (au sein du cabinet et de Pennylane) afin d'assurer la migration la plus efficace et rapide possible.\n\nOn t’attendra notamment sur ta capacité à être autonome/opérationnel rapidement ainsi que communiquer de manière fluide, que ce soit avec notre équipe tech en interne qu’avec des interlocuteurs externes tels que des DSI, DAF, comptables…\n\nQuelles seront tes missions au quotidien ?\n\n3 premiers mois :\n\n- Tu intègres ton équipe et passes du temps avec chaque membre pour te familiariser avec ce nouvel environnement\n- Tu apprends tout ce qu'il faut savoir sur notre entreprise, notre vision, et nos différents départements- Tu te formes sur le produit et la gestion comptable grâce à des modules de formation e-learning\n- Tu passes du temps avec l'équipe PSA en place (dont certains(es) ont déjà le même rôle chez nous) et qui sera en charge de ta formation métier\n- Tu commences à assister sur des premières migrations, en lien avec l'équipe PSA en place\n\n4 à 6 mois :\n\n- Tu deviens autonome et gère ton propre backlog\n- Tu audites, analyses et définis les besoins techniques et fonctionnels de chaque nouveau client\n- Tu rédiges les documents d'audit initiaux et les spécifications fonctionnelles et techniques détaillées relatives aux développements spécifiques\n- Tu accompagnes les cabinets à connecter Pennylane à leurs outils internes : CRMs, ERPs, gestion interne, facturation, …\n- Tu paramètres la solution Pennylane, en travaillant à la reprise de l’existant des systèmes d’information des cabinets comptables et des clients (Outils de production comptable, logiciels de facturation, etc.)\n- Tu effectues les recettes intermédiaires et finales, avec production de rapport d’analyses post-migration, d’études et d’analyses des écarts\n- Tu collabores étroitement avec l’ensemble des interlocuteurs techniques et métiers impliqués dans les projets : DSI de cabinet, éditeurs de logiciels, sociétés externes de service, etc.,\n- Tu commences à travailler sur l'automatisation de l’ensemble de ces tâches, afin d'optimiser le temps d'intégration des cabinets dans le futur avec ton regard neuf\n- Tu participes à la priorisation de la roadmap de Pennylane avec les équipes Tech et Produit de Pennylane, grâce à ta compréhension avancée des besoins des cabinets\n\nEt ensuite... :\n\n- Tu cherches et mets en place des solutions pour optimiser et automatiser les processus de migration déjà en place\n- Tu deviens un membre actif, participant à la vie de l’équipe en proposant des workshops ou des prises de parole en interne\n- Tu développes des process et des outils afin d'accroître la productivité de ton travail et de celui des différentes parties prenantes impliquées dans les migrations\n- Tu participes à la migration de clients de plus en plus importants, avec un cahier des charges qui monte en complexité\n- Comme Pennylane grandit très vite, tu auras de multiples opportunités d'évoluer au sein de l'entreprise ; vers du management d'équipe, du leadership technique, de la gestion de projet complexe, ou tout autre rôle qui pourrait t'intéresser\n\n Ce qu'on peut t'offrir :\n\n Une mutuelle parmi les meilleures sur le marché (Alan Blue et Alan Mind)\n Des tickets restaurants (Carte Swile)\n Entre 6 et 13 jours de RTT supplémentaires aux 5 semaines de congés payés\n La possibilité de perfectionner ton anglais grâce à Busuu\n‍ Un budget dédié chaque mois pour tous nos Pennylaners, favorisant le travail depuis la maison ou en espace de coworking\n Une facilité d’accès à nos bureaux, situés à quelques minutes de Saint Lazare en plein cœur de Paris\n Une enveloppe de BSPCE\n‍ ️ Un accès à 8000 salles de sport partout en France et plus de 300 activités de bien-être via notre partenaire Gymlib\n Un Mac\n Nous pratiquons de nombreux sports ensemble et avons à cœur de nous réunir régulièrement autour d’événements d’entreprise tels que les Tech Days (qui permettent aux Pennylaners en remote de se réunir tous les 3 mois) ou notre séminaire d’entreprise qui a lieu une fois par an, et qui favorise de grands moments de cohésion pour toutes et tous.\n\n Process de recrutement\n\n Une première rencontre avec Thomas, (Talent Acquisition Manager) : 30 min\n Un second entretien avec Cornelia (Lead Technical Project Manager) : 45 min - 1H\n Cas pratique avec 2 personnes de l'équipe TPM/PSA : 1H\n Dernier entretien avec Alexandre (Co-fondateur & Head of Partner Success) : 30 min\n Team Fit avec d'autres personnes de l'équipe\n\n Tu es le bon candidat si :\n\n Une expérience confirmée en gestion de projet et de toutes les parties prenantes internes et externes\n Une bonne maîtrise du SQL\n De bonnes connaissances en scripting (Python principalement)\n Appétence pour l’automatisation\n Faculté à vulgariser et à parler de sujets techniques en adaptant le discours aux interlocuteurs\n Tu es capable de travailler dans un contexte international (anglais écrit et parlé)\n Capable de travailler de façon transverse avec plusieurs squad et/ ou corps de métier\n Tu es autonome et proactif\n\n#LI-Remote\nLe mot de la fin ?\n\nNous sommes ouverts sur les pré-requis pour ce rôle. De nombreuses recherches montrent que certaines personnes ont tendance à se dévaloriser plus que d’autres, et à ne pas postuler lorsqu’elles ne cochent pas toutes les cases d’une fiche de poste.\n\nA travers cette description, nous essayons de te donner assez d’éléments sur la mission, le quotidien et l’environnement de ce poste pour te permettre de nous dire toi-même si tu penses a) t’épanouir chez nous et b) apporter de la valeur à notre projet.\nSi tu hésites, nous t’encourageons à candidater quand même : dans le pire des cas, tu auras perdu quelques minutes, et dans le meilleur, ce sera peut-être le début d’une longue et belle collaboration.\n\nNous tenons aussi à rappeler que nous mettons un point d’honneur à fournir les mêmes opportunités à chaque candidat•e, indépendamment de son origine, son sexe, ses aptitudes ou les traits qui le•la définissent. Nous célébrons nos différences et sommes convaincus qu’elles font de Pennylane une entreprise plus prospère et dans laquelle il fait bon évoluer.\n\nPour finir avec un modeste exemple de notre engagement, nous avons récemment signé le Pacte Parité dans le but de fixer des objectifs concrets vers un environnement de travail plus inclusif et équitable.\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e5ff74b579f2cfd7","title":"Senior FP&A Implementation Consultant","company":"UNIT4","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e5ff74b579f2cfd7","description":"Company Description\n\nWe are in Business for People, empowering people in service organisations with innovative Enterprise and Business software solutions. We’ve innovated and taken a new approach to delivering ERP that works for people. Self-driving, adaptive and intuitive software that is changing the way people work. Our solutions empower people and deliver a better people experience so people can spend time on meaningful high-value work they live for.\n\nRead more on our website about how we transform work and how people feel about it, so our customers and their people can thrive.\n\nJob Description\n\nCustomer Onboarding & Delivery\n\nAct as FP&A Lead in delivery projects, providing oversight and ensuring alignment to customer objectives.\nCollaborate on sales handovers to ensure a seamless project transition.\nDesign scalable, cost-effective customer solutions with a focus on reducing complexity\nAct as a trusted advisor, delivering insights and best practices drawn from your experience.\nSupport project governance including design, timelines, budgets, risks, and change management.\nProvide quality assurance across multiple concurrent FP&A implementations.\nCoach, mentor, and provide constructive feedback to colleagues.\nWork with customer data teams to ensure seamless integration of financial and operational data sources, promoting end-to-end visibility and data integrity\nEnable predictive analytics and scenario modeling to support more agile and informed decision-making\nImplement agile planning processes, including rolling forecasts and driver-based models to enhance responsiveness\nHelp customers establish KPIs and track financial and operational performance to maximize strategic value from FP&A\nSupport cross-functional planning by aligning Finance with HR, Sales, and Operations stakeholders.\n\nPost Go-Live Engagement\n\nCollaborate with Project Managers and Customer Success teams to ensure smooth transition post-implementation.\nSupport ongoing customer success efforts, including business case realization and identifying upsell opportunities.\nConduct solution reviews and customer health checks to maximize adoption and expansion.\n\nProduct & Thought Leadership\n\nStay current on emerging technologies, regulations, and FP&A best practices.\nContribute to internal product boards, helping shape enhancements to both product functionality and delivery methodology.\nRepresent Unit4 at industry events and conferences.\nMaintain strong internal stakeholder engagement\n\nQualifications\n\nProven track record delivering medium to large-scale FP&A software implementations with business-critical impact.\nPrevious experience working for an FP&A consultancy vendor.\nDeep knowledge of Financial Planning and Analysis principles and tools.\nFamiliarity with formal project delivery methodologies (e.g., Agile, Prince2, etc.).\nStrong business analysis capabilities and customer-centric problem-solving approach.\nCommercial awareness and understanding of technology-enabled business transformation.\nInfluential leadership and stakeholder management skills.\nPositive, proactive mindset with the ability to work independently under pressure.\nBachelor's degree (or equivalent experience) in a relevant field.\n\nAdditional Information\n\nJoin Unit4 and be part of one of the most exciting journeys in the cloud ERP software space. We’re a fast-paced, high-growth, people-centric company, delivering enterprise software for a great people experience, and offering our own people a host of benefits and development opportunities. Grow with us At Unit4, we offer:\n\n• a culture built on trust - giving you the freedom and autonomy to be successful;\n• balance - with our uncapped time off policy, remote working opportunities and Global Wellbeing Days when the whole company can switch off and prioritize well-being;\n• talented colleagues, role models and mentors - work, learn and be inspired by some of the best talent in the software industry;\n• a commitment to sustainability - with initiatives such as our Act4Good program, a way for everyone at Unit4 to come together and engage in actions that benefit society and the planet;\n• a safe and inclusive working environment – supported by our Employee Resource Groups, which are open to all and include Women at Unit4, Pride at Unit4, Mental Health and Access at Unit4, and People of Color at Unit4.\n\nThis role may require security clearance required for customer projects and access to sensitive (customer) data. That means that after you have accepted our offer, we could ask for background checks. Subject to applicable local laws, such security checks may require disclosure of personal information including criminal record declaration, right to work, personal identification and work history. No worries though – we'll handle it according to local privacy laws and keep your info safe. Questions? Feel free to reach out!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7b5cb12a9b97ce5","title":"Business Developer-SDR - Bilingue Français/Italien (H/F)","company":"N2JSOFT","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salaryMax\":40000,\"salaryMin\":28000,\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"De 28 000 € à 40 000 € par an\",\"salaryType\":\"yearly\"}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e7b5cb12a9b97ce5","description":"Que tu viennes d'un secteur comme *la vente, l'immobilier, ou l'automobile*, ou que tu sois simplement en quête d’un *nouveau défi professionnel*, cette opportunité est faite pour toi !\n\nSi tu es motivé(e), curieux(se), et prêt(e) à explorer de nouveaux horizons, alors continue de lire !\n\n*Qui sommes-nous ?*\n\nN2J Soft est une Fintech Saas B2B dans l’expense management. Avec plus de *18 000 clients et 800 000 utilisateurs,* dans *82 pays*, notre produit fait partie des leaders du marché en France.\n\nGrâce à une équipe -* de bonne humeur avant tout* - qui place l'Homme au centre de ses préoccupations, nous partageons le projet commun de devenir le leader européen de la gestion des notes de frais.\n\n*Être Business Developer - SDR chez N2JSoft :*\n\n*Consacré(e) au développement du marché Italien* : Ton rôle consistera à recueillir un maximum d'informations sur les prospects pour identifier ceux ayant le plus fort potentiel à devenir clients. Une fois les leads qualifiés, tu organiseras un premier rendez-vous pour l’équipe de vente, qui se chargera des démonstrations, de la négociation des contrats et de la finalisation des ventes.\n\n*Voici tes principales missions :*\n\n* Prospecter, générer et pré-qualifier les leads entrants et sortants en contactant les décideurs (Téléphone, LinkedIn, e-mail, ) pour décrocher des démos pour l’équipe sales,\n* Proposer de nouvelles approches ou de nouvelles techniques de vente afin de générer des leads qualifiés,\n* La prospection téléphonique représente près de 90% du temps de travail avec comme moyenne de 50 appels par jour,\n* Participation à des évènements et visites sur des salons professionnels,\n* Alimenter et mettre à jour les bases de données prospects/clients dans notre CRM.\n\n*ET ce n’est pas tout !*\n\nUne évolution est possible selon tes résultats ainsi que ton ancienneté vers un poste de sales !\n\n*Ce qu’on va attendre de toi* :\n\n* Tu *parles couramment italien*, bilingue 100% ou langue maternelle (obligatoire pour ce poste),\n* Tu as un instinct de chasseur, tu es créatif(ve), tu es souriant(e) et tu as une personnalité très dynamique,\n* Décrocher ton téléphone pour aller convaincre tes prospects ne te fait pas peur !\n* Tu possèdes une véritable aisance relationnelle et d’excellentes capacités de communication orale et écrite,\n* Tu as soif d’apprendre et tu souhaites progresser de manière permanente mais aussi faire progresser tes collègues et l’entreprise.\n\nEn d’autres termes, on recherche avant tout un talent et une personnalité plutôt qu’un CV !\n\n*C’est un plus si :*\n\n* Tu as déjà utilisé certains de ces outils : LinkedIn, Pipedrive, Ringover, Modjo…\n\n*Pourquoi nous rejoindre ?*\n\nEn plus de rejoindre une équipe sympathique avec l’ambiance Startup, nous avons la chance d’être sur un marché très porteur avec un produit qui en plus d’être très apprécié par nos clients est utilisé par de très nombreuses références de renom national et international (+ de 18 000 clients et passage de 10.7 à 15.9 millions d’euros de chiffres d’affaires en 1 an) .\n\n*Chez N2JSoft tu pourras bénéficier de :*\n\n* Une prime de vacances,\n* Des chèques cadeau à Noël,\n* Des chèques de rentrée scolaire (si tu as des enfants),\n* Un chèque culture,\n* Des cours de musique,\n* Des événements tout au long de l’année.\n\n+ des activités surprises qui se rajoutent (séance de massage…)\n\n*Un Processus Rapide et Transparent :*\n\n* Présélection des candidatures,\n* Premier échange téléphonique RH,\n* Entretien et test de mise en situation,\n* Dernier entretien 30 minutes d’échange avec le directeur marketing et la manager SDR.\n\nSiège basé à proximité de Bourg en Bresse (télétravail jusqu'à 3 jours par semaine ou full remote selon votre trajet domicile/travail).\n\n\\*\\* BDR, Business Development Representative, SDR, Sales Development Representative, Telesales, Teleprospecteur, Sales Assistant, Sales Development Representative, Agent commercial, Commercial sédentaire, Inside sales, Televendeur, Telemarketing \\*\\*\n\nType d'emploi : Temps plein, CDI\n\nRémunération : 28 000,00€ à 40 000,00€ par an\n\n\n\nExpérience:\n* Commercial sédentaire ou similaire: 1 an (Optionnel)\n\nLangue:\n* Italien (Requis)\n* Anglais (Optionnel)\n\nLieu du poste : Télétravail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eb93fd5e5dd346b0","title":"French General Editor (Freelance, Contract)","company":"Omniscient","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=eb93fd5e5dd346b0","description":"Omniscient Digital is an organic growth agency that partners with ambitious B2B SaaS companies like SAP, Adobe, Loom, and Hotjar to turn SEO and content into growth engines.\n\nAbout This Role\n\nOmniscient Digital is growing, and we’re looking for a meticulous French-speaking freelance editor to join our editorial team. This is a freelance role focused on editing long-form articles, blogs, and SEO content written in fluent Standard French (français standard).\n\nYou must be fully fluent in Standard French and be able to edit for grammar, tone, clarity, and voice at a native or near-native level.\n\nIf you’re an experienced editor who enjoys turning complex topics into clear, readable content and thrives in an independent, detail-oriented work environment, we’d love to hear from you. The application passcode is amoureux des mots.\n\nPlease note: We do not work with editors or writers who subcontract their work.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nEdit a variety of content types (blogs, guides, marketing materials) in fluent Standard French (français standard). You’ll review long-form and marketing content to ensure it reads naturally, clearly, and professionally in fluent French, with tone and phrasing tailored to B2B and technical audiences.\n\nEnsure content is grammatically correct, clear, and aligned with tone, brand, and editorial guidelines. You’ll polish every piece to match client voice and tone while ensuring formatting, structure, and messaging are consistent with our internal editorial standards.\n\nProvide clear, constructive feedback to writers. Beyond making edits, you’ll collaborate with writers and offer thoughtful, actionable guidance to improve structure, clarity, and narrative flow across drafts.\n\nFact-check statistics, claims, and links to ensure accuracy and reliability. You’ll verify factual information and sources, ensuring every piece is credible, up-to-date, and ready for publication.\n\nEdit for SEO without sacrificing readability. You’ll understand how to apply SEO best practices—like proper keyword placement and metadata formatting—while still prioritizing clarity, tone, and value for the reader.\n\nConsistently meet tight deadlines—typically within 24–48 hours—while managing multiple projects and maintaining a high standard of quality. You’re able to balance quality and speed, delivering polished work within short timelines without compromising on accuracy or consistency.\n\nCommunicate regularly with the editorial lead about deadlines and project status. You’ll keep communication proactive and professional, ensuring clear alignment on timelines, priorities, and any potential blockers.\n\nUtilize our style guide to ensure editorial consistency across client work. You’ll apply both client-specific and internal style guidelines to ensure every piece aligns with expectations around formatting, voice, structure, and terminology.\n\nWho You Are\n\nYou’re fluent in Standard French (français standard). You write and edit with native or near-native fluency, ensuring content feels natural, polished, and culturally appropriate for French-speaking audiences.\n\nYou have a strong understanding of French grammar, spelling, and style rules, with the ability to apply them confidently. You know when to rely on formal conventions and when to adapt for clarity, tone, or branding.\n\nYou have 2+ years of experience editing B2B, SaaS, or technical/SEO content. You’ve worked with industry-focused content and know how to adapt edits for professional and technical audiences.\n\nYou’re meticulous. You’re detail-obsessed and ensure every sentence is clean, correct, and in the right voice—nothing slips past you.\n\nYou seek feedback. You value collaboration and always look for ways to improve your craft and better serve clients.\n\nYou believe in punctuality. Deadlines are non-negotiable for you, and you proactively communicate if timelines shift.\n\nYou’re an intellectually curious critical thinker. You love diving into new topics, researching unfamiliar ideas, and finding clarity in complexity.\n\nYou’re process-oriented. You bring structure to your workflow and look for ways to improve your editing efficiency without sacrificing quality.\n\nYou’re adaptable. You’re comfortable navigating changing guidelines, priorities, and content types with a solutions-first mindset.\n\nYou’re great at working independently. You thrive in a remote environment, taking ownership of your work while knowing when to ask for input.\n\nA degree in journalism, French studies, linguistics, communications, marketing, or a related field is preferred but not required.\n\nPortfolio Requirement\n\nPlease submit 3–5 samples of written or edited content in Standard French. At least 2 should focus on B2B, SaaS, or technical topics. Older samples are acceptable if accompanied by more recent work.\n\nBenefits of working with us\n\nWe're here to enable you to do great work and grow.\n\nWe’re a 100% remote company so you can work from anywhere\n\nYou'll improve your SEO, editorial, marketing, and project management skills\n\nOwnership—there are ample opportunities to take on more responsibility\n\n*Note on Compensation: Our rate for editing work is $35 USD per hour. This rate is applied consistently across projects to promote transparency and fairness for all freelance editors on our team.\n\nReady to apply?\n\nKeep scrolling to submit your information. We’re excited to meet you!\n\n___\n\nWe know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome (yes, we have it, too) can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But there’s no such thing as a \"perfect\" candidate. Omniscient Digital is a place where everyone can grow. So however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if the idea of this role excites you.\n\nOmniscient Digital is an equal opportunity employer. We ensure equal opportunity and all candidates are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.\n\n___\n\nAbout Omniscient Digital\n\nOmniscient Digital is an organic growth agency that partners with ambitious B2B SaaS companies like SAP, Adobe, Loom, and Hotjar to turn SEO and content into growth engines.\n\nWe pride ourselves on being lean, agile, and experimental. Our team thrives on R&D and innovation, always exploring the smartest ways to deliver exceptional results. We believe in a culture of building and shipping — whether it’s client deliverables, new services, or internal tools that keep us ahead of the game.\n\nIf you’re looking for a role where you’ll tackle challenging problems, work with ambitious brands, and help shape the future of organic growth, let’s talk.\n\nLearn about the principles that drive how we work and build a company.\n\n___\n\nBy submitting your application, you agree that Omniscient Digital may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Omniscient Digital’s Privacy Policy explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, our purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Omniscient Digital’s use of your personal information."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ece208c85f434f0f","title":"Right-Hand CEO (French Fluent)","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ece208c85f434f0f","description":"Wait a minute.\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom: feeling free to work remotely or hybrid and being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition: growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create an iconic brand like Nike\n\nImpact: contributing to transform people lives at scale and feel your own impact in the company\n\nNot just another job. You’re craving intensity. Growth. A real seat at the table. You want to leave your fingerprints on a start up that’s scaling —and help build an iconic brand that changes lives at scale.\n\nIf you want something comfortable, stable, and slow… this is not for you.\n\nDo you love the idea of being the strategic right hand to a high-performance CEO, operating at breakneck speed, and helping scale an ambitious company that’s reinventing how people learn, grow, and lead—Do you want to contribute to impacting the lives of thousands of people?\n\nYES - Then keep reading.\n\nOh, and let’s get one thing straight from the start:\n\nA deep, genuine interest in AI is absolutely non-negotiable.\n\nWe’re obsessed with how AI can enhance productivity, learning, and creativity. If you’re not already experimenting with GPTs, AI tools, and automation stacks for fun… this isn’t your tribe.\n\nThis is a full-time position, carried out from our beautiful offices in Dubai or full-remote from anywhere in the world (with frequent travels to Dubaï).\n\nFrench and English fluency is required.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n-\n\nOur sources of inspiration are Apple, Nike, Spotify, Disney for their obsession of excelling, having a worldwide impact and not just selling products but crafting experiences. You will be playing a pivotal role in making Paradox play at that level and becoming an iconic brand.\n\nFor us, being Iconic is to innovate at the intersection of Psychology x Creativity x Technology.\n\nYou’ll be at the heart of Paradox’s growth engine, working hand-in-hand with the CEO to build and scale the systems, team, and operations that power our global ambitions.\n\nTo do so, here are your 5 main responsibilities :\n\n1 | Lead Strategic Projects & CEO Initiatives\n\nFrom growth hacks to operational buildouts, you’ll own entire strategic projects.\n\nThink:\n\nBuilding a cold outreach engine or international brand partnerships\n\nSetting up sponsorships for our YouTube & events\n\nTesting acquisition channels & AI-powered growth playbooks\n\nSourcing elite talent & streamlining HR processes\n\nHelping secure and negotiate deals\n\n2 | Pirate Squad Rapid Experiments & Global Launches\n\nWe move fast, but we want to move even faster. You’ll help drive international launches, MVP tests, and new product initiatives… with autonomy and speed.\n\n3 | Contribute to Strategy & Business Intelligence\n\nMarket research, growth models, biz dev, M&A scouting, dashboards, KPI tracking—you’ll help the CEO & GM make data-backed, high-leverage decisions.\n\n4 | Turn the Company Into a Systematic Growth Machine\n\nDesign workflows, implement automations, and optimize every process. From Airtable to Notion to AI-powered dashboards—you’ll be our internal COO meets Growth Architect.\n\n5 | Be the Internal AI Evangelist\n\nWe want to scale with AI baked into our DNA. You’ll:\n\nChampion new AI tools & use cases\n\nTrain internal teams to adopt AI-first processes\n\nBenchmark AI integrations across content, marketing, ops, product\n\nStay 10 steps ahead on what’s possible\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF?\n-\n\nLet’s not waste time. This is not for everyone. We’re looking for someone elite—both in mindset and execution. If this sounds like you, read on:\n\nYou likely come from a top-tier business or engineering school (HEC, ESSEC, X, Sciences Po, Stanford… you get the idea).\n\nYou’ve already built or scaled something—startup, ops team, or growth engine.\n\nYou’re driven with a strong work ethic – you show up with commitment, perseverance, and thrive under pressure.\n\nYou have a true entrepreneurial spirit – you can own projects from scratch, work with limited resources, and get your hands dirty to make things happen.\n\nYou execute relentlessly – a pragmatic problem-solver who thrives on ownership, not hand-holding.\n\nYou’re obsessed with growth – both personal and team-wide – and love learning, building, and optimizing.\n\nYou embrace growth over ego – open to feedback, eager to improve, and driven by progress, not praise.\n\nYou’re analytical, autonomous, and fast, with a natural ability to structure systems and automate for scale.\n\nYou’re tech-savvy and either already AI-native or actively becoming one—AI is your playground.\n\nYou’re naturally persuasive – you love influence, sales, negotiation, and can align others without force.\n\nYou excel in communication, both written and verbal, and tailor your message to your audience.\n\nYou’ll be working directly with a CEO who has extreme work ethic, expects excellence, and gives massive ownership. If that energizes rather than intimidates you, you’re in the right place.\n\nLanguage\n\nEnglish: fluent. You can hold a conversation on specific details with English-speaking colleagues. Our chosen language for written communication is English.\n\nFrench: ideally bilingual.\n\nCurrently, 20% of the team is International, from the cherry blossoms of Japan, the Canadian lakes and to the forest of Madagascar.\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n-\n\nLet’s be clear, we are looking for someone who is not just Great, and for whom Paradox ambition isn’t just another cool project; but a true mission.\n\nSo if those personal interests : personal development / coaching / professional growth / education / edtech / teaching / edutainment are not things you REALLY love, let’s forget it!\n\nLet’s forget about it also if,\n\nYou don’t like to be challenged and grow in your job\n\nYou don't like receiving or giving tough feedbacks\n\nYou don’t question the status quo: the process are there for a reason, we have always done it this way\n\nYou like to have very specific & fixed tasks assigned to you. Be told what to do and how to do it.\n\nYour only driver is joining a full-remote company: yes, our company culture is cool, but we want people to care about our mission, products, and their job!\n\nJOIN US IF YOU CRAVE\n-\nGrowth & Ambition\n\nWe hire only the best, it’s exhilarating to be surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood. You'll be working with some of the best minds. We understand that \"A\" people attract \"A\" people.\n\nNo more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your professional development.\n\n️ Being part of an ambitious company with a lot of growth opportunities\n\nImpact & Meaning\n\nPlaying a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\nWaking up in the morning knowing you are making a difference: we receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a mile stone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that’s not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\nFreedom & Well Being\n\nA company culture based on autonomy & accountability\nFlexible working hours\nA remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\nMagnificent offices in Dubai\nStanding desks paid by the company, if you live far from our offices\nMacbook: to be the most efficient in your work\n350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself (for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n150€ per year paid by the company to boost your knowledge (books, education): we are passionate about learning and want to support your growth)\n1:1 coachings: a Paradox coach supporting you personally or professionally to live your best life\nTeam building\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nHIRING PROCESS\n-\n\nThat job description resonated with you?\n\nHere is your tailor made hiring process\n\nA 6 to 8 minutes application survey (with a short video assignment)\n\nA 15–20 minute WhatsApp call with Chloé, our Talent Manager, to tell you more about the challenge and see if it fits your experience and expectations\n\nA video call with Chloé to deep dive into your career path and ambitions\n\nA video call with some C-level of the company to explore your skills and see how we can align your goals with our needs\n\nA culture-fit video call with Timy, our Culture Coach, to assess alignment with our values and mindset\n\nA meeting with our CEO - David, to ensure there is a match between you two.\n\nReference check to understand how you operate across environments and help set you up for a smooth onboarding\n\nWelcome aboard!\n\nAbout our hiring process\n\nOur recruitment process is tailored to do our best to avoid that you or us realize that we’re not a perfect fit. Every step serves a purpose and will allow us to get to know you better as much as it’ll help you understand more where you’ll be stepping in.\n\nWe also want you to have time to ask all of your questions regarding the mission, the long-term vision of your team and the company, our values, with the relevant interlocutor in front of you.\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nAt Paradox, we are convinced that people do not want “just a job” anymore.\n\nWe are all craving to have an impact through our professional journey. Some want to start their own venture, some want to become an intrapreneur in their current organization, some others just want their day-to-day tasks to have more meaning.\n\nPARADOX HAS ONE GOAL: TO EMPOWER PEOPLE AND ORGANIZATIONS TO LIVE THEIR TRUE AMBITIONS.\n\nBut where do we start?\n\nIf you have an interest in personal development, you probably already know that:\n\nMaking things happen is a real struggle when you don’t know what truly inspires you and how to get there ;\n\nAvailable resources are either boring or full of crazy unsubstantiated theories .\n\nIt needs to change, and we’re here to make it happen!\n\n️ OUR AMBITION IS TO MAKE SUCCESS THE ONLY POSSIBLE OUTCOME FOR OUR CLIENTS (WHATEVER SUCCESS MEANS FOR THEM), BY CRAFTING INNOVATIVE & CAPTIVATING BREAKTHROUGH EXPERIENCES.\n\nIn other words, we want to make personal growth as entertaining as watching Netflix.\n\nHow, you might be wondering?\n\nWe travel the world and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs (Richard Branson - Founder of Virgin, Marc Simoncini - Founder of Meeting, Fred Mazzella - Founder of BlablaCar), world athletes (Tony Parker - Hall of fame NBA Player, Frederick Bousquet - World record in 50m free swimming, Frank Leboeuf - WorldCup Footballer), and artists (Gad Elmaleh - Comedian, Franck Dubosc, Barry Osborne - Producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix) ;\n\nWe reverse engineer their strategies for achieving success and fulfillment and lean on the latest researches about neurosciences ;\n\nWe deliver trainings & educational contents around Power Skills (critical thinking, productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management, etc.), self-growth and performance, through a balanced set of e-learning programs, events and edutainment videos .\n\nFrom one well-known Founder to a team of +40 people today (and counting!), this approach has paid off and enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to have thousands of people attending our online events and training courses.\n\nTOGETHER, WE ARE DRIVEN BY ONE DREAM:\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve their dream and display their pictures on what we call the “100 000 dreams wall” ;\n\nGiving our clients access to constant personal growth by reinventing their learning experience ;\n\nLeverage AI and other technology to provide an outstanding customized experience to millions of people for them to transform their lives.\n\nAnd that’s where you come in. Join the Paradox Revolution !"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f0b17f6c632a6569","title":"Staff Python Engineer – Open Source Video/Voice AI Library","company":"Stream","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f0b17f6c632a6569","description":"About Stream\n\nStream (GetStream.io)’s SDKs and APIs enable devs to build activity feeds, chat, and voice/video—powering over a billion end users worldwide. Trusted by top brands like Strava, Nextdoor, Patreon, and Adobe, we’re on a mission to make real-time communication and social experiences seamless for developers and their users.\n\nRole Overview\n\nWe’re seeking a Staff Python Engineer to lead the development of our open-source video/voice AI Python library. In this high-impact role, you’ll architect, build, and maintain a powerful toolkit for developers integrating voice and video AI into their products. You’ll be a key technical leader—shaping the direction of the library, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and engaging with the open-source community.\n\nLocation: Office in Amsterdam or Remote (preferred EU/US time zones). Occasional travel for in-person collaboration and meetups is encouraged.\n\nHybrid policy: applicants based in the Netherlands or relocating here, are expected to work in the office in Amsterdam 3 times per week. Exemptions apply to specific cases.\n\nWhat will you work on\n\nArchitect, develop, and maintain our open-source video/voice AI Python SDK and library, from API design to performance tuning.\n\nEnsure the library is well-documented, thoroughly tested, and easy for developers to adopt and extend.\n\nDrive code quality through robust testing, benchmarking, and automation.\n\nContribute to and engage with the open-source community: triage issues, review contributions, and shape the roadmap through feedback.\n\nCollaborate cross-functionally with product, UX/design, and other engineering teams to align on developer workflows and UX.\n\nMentor engineers, establish best practices, and advocate for strong Pythonic design and high engineering standards.\n\nAbout You\n\n5+ years of production-level Python software engineering experience, ideally in SDK development\n\nProven experience building or maintaining open-source libraries or SDKs, with strong community engagement.\n\nDeep understanding of Python ecosystem tools\n\nTrack record of leading technical projects and mentoring engineers.\n\nExcellent communication skills and comfort collaborating across teams (product, design, ML, open-source contributors).\n\nPreferred\n\nExperience with real-time processing systems, low-latency streaming, or WebRTC.\n\nContributions to voice/video open-source projects or AI model repositories.\n\nExperience with Go (all of Stream’s APIs use Go, so it helps when interacting with other teams)\n\nWhy You’ll Love This Role\n\nHigh Impact: Shape a key piece of open-source infrastructure powering voice/video AI for developers worldwide.\n\nOpen Source & Community-Driven: Influence the development of a library used and shaped by global contributors.\n\nStartup Vibe: Join an ambitious, high-energy team that values excellence, collaboration, and fast-paced iteration.\n\nFlexibility & Trust: Choose your work style—join us in Amsterdam, Boulder, or work remotely—with periodic in-person collaboration.\n\nWhat we have to offer you\n\nStream employees enjoy some of the best job benefits in the industry:\n\nA team of exceptional (and friendly) engineers\n\nThe chance to work on OSS projects\n\n28 days paid time off plus paid Dutch holidays\n\nCompany equity\n\nA pension scheme\n\nA Learning and Development budget\n\nCommute expenses to Amsterdam covered or the option to use a company bike within the city\n\nFitness stipend\n\nMonthly in-office chair massages by a professional\n\nMacBook Pro\n\nHealthy team lunches and plenty of snacks\n\nA generous relocation package\n\nAn office in the heart of Amsterdam\n\nNote: this list of job benefits applies to Netherlands-based employees and is adjusted per your location of residence.\n\nOur culture\n\nStream has a casual social culture, our team is diverse and we all have different backgrounds. Now, Stream is a team of over 120+ peers from over 35 countries across the globe.\n\nWe value transparency, aim for excellence, and support each other on our way to new victories.\n\nOur team consists of the strongest talents worldwide, making Stream a great place to learn and improve your skills.\n\nWhen it comes to software engineering jobs, our culture is oriented towards ownership and quality: our goal is to deliver stable software.\n\nIf you are interested in becoming a part of what we do, apply for this vacancy now!\n\n-\n\nIf you're passionate about Python, AI-powered media, and building tools that developers love and rely on, we’d love to hear from you!\n\nHybrid office policy: applicants based (or relocating to) one of our office locations are expected to work according to the applicable local office attendance policy.\n\nEqual opportunity employer statement: Stream provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.\n\nThis policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.\n\nNote for external recruiters: We currently have this role covered and do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. We are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f1ceee985baf7f7a","title":"Junior Sales Development Representative, EMEA","company":"Qovery","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":\"France,France,France\",\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"16 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f1ceee985baf7f7a","description":"We provide the DevOps automation platform built to empower developers. From cloud infrastructure provisioning to production deployment, Qovery streamlines every step, enabling faster delivery, simplified workflows, and significant time savings.\n\nWhy your role is important\n\nAs Qovery’s first Sales Development Representative in Europe, you will be the engine that creates qualified pipeline. You’ll convert high-intent inbound, run targeted outbound, and shape our early go-to-market by bringing buyer feedback into messaging, sequences, and lead flow. Your work turns interest into meetings and meetings into qualified opportunities.\n\nWhat your job will look like\nDrive New Business: qualify inbound and book sales-accepted meetings for AEs across SMB and mid-market, with clear notes and next steps.\nBuild and Strengthen Pipeline: create target account lists, run multi-channel outbound, and maintain healthy coverage by segment and territory.\nPersonalise at scale: research accounts and contacts to craft relevant hooks, test angles, and continuously improve reply-to-meeting conversion.\nDefine repeatable motions: help codify outreach cadences, objection handling, and qualification criteria; contribute to a scalable playbook.\nCollaborate Cross-Functionally: partner with Marketing on campaign follow-up and event leads; share field insights to sharpen positioning and content.\nOperate with Ownership: manage your queue, prioritise effectively, and keep CRM data clean so we can measure and improve.\nAbout you\nExperience: 1-3 years in an SDR or new-business role in B2B SaaS/tech, in early-stage startups.\nSales Background: proven record of booking qualified meetings with technical (engineering, cloud infrastructure, DevOps etc.) or senior buyers, this is key.\nBuilder mentality: strong written communication; confident on the phone; resilient and coachable.\nData driven: comfortable with metrics, A/B testing, and pipeline hygiene in a modern CRM.\nCollaborative: You thrive in a team environment, sharing learning and winning together.\nFluent in English (C1/C2) and another European language (C1/C2).\nBased in Europe.\nWhat You’ll Get at Qovery\nCompetitive Compensation with uncapped OTE, and potential for equity.\nAttracting benefits package.\nA flexible work environment with a fully remote environment.\nContinuous learning and professional development opportunities.\nAn authentic company culture with a focus on collaboration and innovation.\nOur Talent Acquisition Process\n\nWe’ve designed a streamlined process to ensure a great candidate experience. Typically, it takes 3-4 weeks:\n\nScreening with Marie, People Manager or Ludwig, Senior Recruiter (30 min).\nBusiness Alignment Interview: a deep dive into your sales skills and collaboration experience with Morgan, CRO & Co-founder (30 min).\nSkills Deep Dive: A detailed review of your pipeline management, deal closure strategies, and collaboration with Ben, our VC (30-45 min)\nA 2-weeks paid immersion trial.\nReference Checks: Validate performance, integrity, and alignment with our business.\n\nThis position is open to candidates who are authorised to work in the European Union. Immigration sponsorship is not available at this time.\n\nWe’re committed to keeping you informed throughout the process, ensuring a smooth and transparent experience.\n\nQovery is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and candidates. Employment decisions are based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs, without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f56db6ef85aad772","title":"Account Executive","company":"Shipup","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"16 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f56db6ef85aad772","description":"Description\n\nLocation: Paris or full-remote position\nContract: Permanent, Full Time\nReports to: Julie - Country Manager France\n\nShipup is a 50+ people company that envisions a world where brands keep their promises along the entire customer journey.\n\nThat’s why we enable brands to take control over the most volatile part of the customer experience —the post-purchase— so they increase brand loyalty and save support costs.\n\nJOB DESCRIPTION\n\nWe are looking for a full-cycle Account Executive for France to join our team.\n\nIn this role, you will be responsible for driving sales and revenue growth within our core market (with deals exceeding 30K ARR). The ideal candidate will take a proactive, results-driven approach to building and nurturing relationships with key customers, identifying new business opportunities and developing strategies to meet and exceed sales targets.\n\nYour key responsabilities\nTake ownership of the sales process: lead every step of the sales journey from prospecting to closing, including discovery, demo, and pricing calls. Showcase Shipup’s value by tailoring solutions to meet each prospect’s needs.\nCultivate strong relationships: build and maintain strong connections with key decision-makers and stakeholders within target accounts.\nEngage cross-functionally: partner closely with Marketing, Customer Success, and Product teams to share insights on customer needs, market trends, and effective acquisition strategies.\nGain in-depth market knowledge: develop a thorough understanding of the French market and competitive landscape.\nDeliver results with agility: excel in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, focusing on efficient deal closures while providing an exceptional customer experience.\nStay informed on SaaS trends: keep up-to-date with the latest SaaS developments and Sales best practices.\n\nWHAT YOU HAVE..\n\n+5 years of sales experience, with a strong track record of prospecting and closing deals within the French market.\nA significant sales experience on a SaaS product.\nKnown for your resilience and unwavering drive for success, balanced by a commitment to learning and continuous improvement.\nExcellent communication and interpersonal skills, combined with a level of empathy and adaptability\nCapable of working both independently and collaboratively as part of a team.\nFluent in French and able to work in English, allowing you to thrive in an international environment.\n\nWHAT YOU'LL GET\n\nFlexible hybrid remote model: work from our Paris office or remotely, as long as you're within one hour of Paris time. We know that everyone has their own way of working that best fits their lifestyle and needs.\nInternational environment: join a diverse team with 10+ nationalities where English is our official language.\nPeople-centric company: we believe that happy and healthy collaborators can achieve great things. Investing in their wellbeing is investing in our success. Check out what our employees are saying about us on Glassdoor!\nFun workplace where connections thrive: we value human connections and a collaborative work environment. That is why we organize opportunities to spend time together, whether physically or remotely.\n4 mandatory gatherings per year: we cover your expenses to join key company-wide events, including company & team offsite, plenary session and team event in Paris.\noffice events: bi-monthly lunches at a restaurant with your peers, afterworks, breakfasts, themed activities...\nremote events: quarterly virtual gatherings (e.g. cheese tasting, flower decoration) and a buddy program to connect with teammates.\n33 days of paid time off: a generous PTO policy to support your work-life balance.\nSwile card: Meal vouchers and more than €500/year for green transport subsidies (public transport, bike purchases, protective gear etc.).\nWork from home set-up: Get up to €500 to create an optimal home office with a desk and/or chair.\n\n ️ 45 min l Screening interview with Margot, our Talent Acquisition Manager\nTo ensure a mutual fit between your search and ours.\n\n ️ 01:00 l Topgrading interview with Julie, our Country Manager France\nTo ensure that you align with our current search.\n\n01:00 l Technical interview\nTo assess specific position-related skills\n\n 01:00 l Cultural fit\nTo meet your peers and ensure a mutual fit\n\n Reference check\nTo get feedback from former collaborator(s)\n\nIf you don’t meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above - that’s okay, nobody’s perfect! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. We encourage you to apply if you think this is a role that would make you excited to come to work every day.\n\nShipup is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.\n\nAbout Shipup\nOur vision is to create the best post-purchase experience for eCommerce brands globally.\n\nOur unique and multicultural teams have one thing in common: Customer Experience Obsession!\n\nShipup is part of the Global Blue group. Global Blue is the business partner for the shopping journey, providing technology and services to enhance the experience and drive performance. With over 40 years of expertise, today we connect thousands of retailers, acquirers and hotels with close to 80 million consumers across 53 countries, in 3 industries: Tax Free Shopping, Payments and Post-purchase solutions.\n\nFor more information, please visit www.globalblue.com\n\nPrivacy Policy"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f6e878feb99c95ec","title":"Head of Category (f/m/d) - Luxury Real Estate","company":"AVIV Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":\"75009\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"75009 Paris\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.8718,\"longitude\":2.3399,\"streetAddress\":\"2 Rue des Italiens\",\"fullAddress\":\"75009 Paris\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f6e878feb99c95ec","description":"Company Description\n\nAVIV is Europe’s leading PropTech company – backed by KKR, one of the world’s most renowned private equity funds. We are transforming the way people buy, sell, rent, and own real estate – through data-driven innovation and customer-centric technology.\n\nAVIV France operates market-leading brands such as:\n\nSeLoger – France’s #1 real estate platform\nBelles Demeures – Leader in the luxury segment\nLux Residence & Meilleurs Agents\n\nWith over 10 million monthly users and 1 million active listings, AVIV France is the clear market leader – with significant room for further growth.\n\nYour Mission: Redefine Luxury\n\nAs Head of Category (f/m/d) - Luxury Real Estate for the Luxury segment, you act as the business owner of your category – with full responsibility for strategy, performance, and operational success. You will further build France’s #1 platform for luxury real estate and position it internationally.\n\nJob Description\n\nWhat you will do:\n\n Strategy & P&L Ownership\n\nDevelop and execute a 12–24 month plan with clear KPIs (inventory, demand, ARPA, MRR, etc.)\nOwn the P&L: revenue, margin, and ROI of commercial and marketing investments\nDefine pricing strategies and value-based packages together with GTM & Sales\n\n️ Supply Growth & Customer Success\n\nExpand exclusive listings in key markets (e.g. Île-de-France, Côte d’Azur, Alps)\nCollaborate closely with sales and field teams to attract high-value agencies\nEnsure the highest listing quality (imagery, translations, content)\n\nDemand Generation & Brand Positioning\n\nExecute targeted B2C marketing and SEO/SEA initiatives in collaboration with the marketing team\nBuild and position Belles Demeures and Lux Residence as the go-to destination for luxury properties\nDevelop international traffic strategies (e.g. Middle East, UK, USA)\n\nProduct & Customer Experience\n\nWork with product and tech teams to optimize the user journey\nDevelop and pilot new features (e.g. AI staging, high-res media, call tracking)\nBring customer feedback into continuous product development\n\nCross-Functional Leadership\n\nLead regular category reviews focused on KPIs & OKRs\nCoordinate resources from Sales, Marketing, Product, Finance, and Analytics\nOwn budget and strategic planning for the Luxury segment\n\nSuccess Will Be Measured By …\n\nMarket share in the luxury segment (listings & agencies)\nRevenue growth (ARPA, MRR)\nWeb traffic & share of international visitors\nLeads generated per listing\nListing quality score & NPS (agents & seekers)\n\nQualifications\n\nWhat you bring:\n\nExperience & Qualifications\n\nMinimum 5 years’ experience in category management, strategy, or P&L ownership – ideally in luxury real estate, premium travel, or marketplace environments\nProven track record of developing vertical or premium segments\nCross-functional collaboration & stakeholder management experience\nStrategy consulting experience is a plus but not a must\nFluent in French & English; international experience preferred\n\nSkills & Mindset\n\nEntrepreneurial mindset with a 360° view on business & product\nStrong analytical, data-driven, and solution-oriented thinking\nHands-on approach, high ownership, and execution strength\nEmpathy for customer needs (agencies & buyers)\nExcellent communication skills (incl. at C-level)\nTolerance for risk and a passion for innovation\n\nAdditional Information\n\n✔ What we offer: Company restaurant, digital meal vouchers with Restoflash; ‍♀️ Gym, showers, organic fruit, organic dried fruit and hot drinks available free of charge; ‍ Training (induction programme, LinkedIn Learning, online language courses); 16 days of RTT (reduced working time), leave (special leave, volunteer leave, seniority leave, etc.); ‍♀️ Quality of life at work (remote working, Kyan Health, nursery places); etc.\n\nAbout Aviv: At Aviv, we believe in equal opportunities. We strongly encourage people with visible and invisible disabilities, all levels of education, minorities, members of the LGBTQIA+ community, parents and carers to apply. If you require reasonable adjustments at any stage of the application or interview process, or if you would like to discuss your needs for part-time or flexible working, please let us know. In your application, please feel free to indicate the pronouns you use. Our ambition is to be the leading employer in the PropTech sector in Europe. Now is the perfect time to join us and find your ideal job! We look forward to receiving your application! (Meilleurs Agents, SeLoger, Immoweb, Immowelt...)"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f831a5210f58da75","title":"Manager Assistant (French speaking)","company":"UpperKey","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{\"salaryCurrency\":\"EUR\",\"salarySource\":\"EXTRACTION\",\"salaryText\":\"À partir de 2 500 € par mois\",\"salaryType\":\"monthly\"}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f831a5210f58da75","description":"*UpperKey is Hiring!* We're on the lookout for a *fluent French speaker with excellent English* to join us as a *Manager Assistant*.\n\nIn this role, you'll be the main contact for French property owners in our *Paris portfolio*, handling everything from *communications and negotiations* to *contract drafting and onboarding*.\n\nIt's a *remote position*, but occasional travel to our *London office* may be required.\n\n*What you will do :*\n\n* Manage daily communications with French property owners via email and phone\n* Negotiate and finalize property agreements with clarity and confidence\n* Prepare customized contracts and proposals tailored to each owner\n* Lead onboarding for new owners, ensuring a smooth and supportive setup\n* Respond to inquiries, resolve issues, and gather feedback with professionalism and efficiency\n* Collaborate with internal teams to maintain seamless operations\n\n*What we are looking for :*\n\n* Fluent English and French speaker\n* Comfortable talking on the phone and building client relationships\n* Highly organised, sharp, and able to juggle tasks\n* Experience with CRM tools (like HubSpot or Pipedrive) is a plus\n* Account management or client-facing experience is a bonus\n\nWe're a fast-growing international company managing prime city properties across Europe, UAE and USA. You'll work in a dynamic, driven team where you can grow quickly and take real ownership of your work.\n\n*This is a hands-on role for someone who's proactive, reliable, and ready to get results.*\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: 2,500.00€ per month\n\n\n\nLanguage:\n* French (Required)\n\nWork Location: Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f85f0cb5e3acd1a9","title":"E-commerce Director","company":"Toogeza","location":"{\"city\":\"Eu\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Eu (76)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Eu (76)\",\"latitude\":50.05,\"longitude\":1.41667,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Eu (76)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f85f0cb5e3acd1a9","description":"We are toogeza, a Ukrainian recruiting company that is focused on hiring talents and building teams for tech startups worldwide. People make a difference in the big game, we may help to find the right ones.\n\nCurrently, we are looking for a Head of eCommerce for our client, a Global Luxury Spirits Brand.\n\nAbout our client:\n\nWe are an innovative, leading luxury spirits brand with an expanding global presence. Dedicated to creating memorable experiences, we offer exclusive products for discerning customers around the world. We’re seeking a dynamic eCommerce leader to drive our next phase of growth.\n\nLocation: London, UK (Remote with occasional UK travel) Employment Type: Full-time\n\nRole Overview: As the Head of eCommerce, you’ll strategically lead and manage our global online presence, driving revenue growth through a sophisticated digital experience. Your role involves growing online revenue, shaping omnichannel customer journeys, overseeing website merchandising, managing cross-functional collaboration (internal stakeholders and external contractors), and ensuring alignment with ambitious KPIs.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\nStrategic eCommerce Leadership\n\nOwn and drive global eCommerce revenue and profitability targets with a strong revenue-growth orientation.\n\nDevelop and execute strategic plans for customer acquisition, retention, and loyalty, tailored to luxury consumers.\n\nDigital Customer Experience\n\nLead continuous improvement of the online customer experience, emphasizing high-end storytelling, personalization, seamless UX/UI, and omnichannel experiences that bridge online and offline presences.\n\nOversee exclusive launches, gifting strategies, tailored customer segmentation, and effective website merchandising to double down on Average Order Value (AOV).\n\nPerformance Analytics and KPIs\n\nSet, monitor, and optimize KPIs (CAC, LTV, AOV, Conversion Rates).\n\nUtilize heavy analytics and conversion rate optimization (CRO) to translate data into actionable insights, informing strategic and operational decisions.\n\nCRM and Retention Strategy\n\nDesign and manage email/SMS marketing, retention programs, and post-purchase engagement.\n\nImplement customer segmentation strategies to nurture collectors, corporate clients, and gifting customers.\n\nMarketing Collaboration\n\nGuide external partners in paid media, influencer, content, and SEO strategies to maximize ROI.\n\nEnsure marketing initiatives align with brand values, campaign messaging, and performance targets.\n\nCross-Functional & External Team Management\n\nLead coordination between internal stakeholders and a global network of contractors and agencies.\n\nEstablish clear KPIs, ensuring accountability, quality, and timely delivery across all external partnerships.\n\nCompliance and Market Adaptation\n\nEnsure all digital initiatives comply with global alcohol marketing regulations.\n\nOversee region-specific adaptations, addressing local payment, language, and cultural preferences.\n\nRequirements:\n\n5+ years’ experience in strategic eCommerce leadership within luxury or premium consumer brands.\n\nProven success managing external contractors and agencies, with robust KPI-driven management.\n\nData-driven professional with strong analytical capabilities, heavy analytics skills, and proven CRO expertise.\n\nExpertise in premium consumer marketing, segmentation, and retention strategies.\n\nExceptional organizational and communication skills, adept at collaborating cross-functionally.\n\nExperience or familiarity with regulated industries (alcohol/spirits) is preferred.\n\nWhat We Offer:\n\nOpportunity to lead digital strategy for a rapidly scaling luxury spirits brand.\n\nCompetitive compensation with performance incentives.\n\nFlexible work arrangements in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment.\n\nA collaborative culture focused on innovation, excellence, and growth.\n\nIf you’re passionate about luxury branding, strategic digital growth, and performance-driven eCommerce leadership, we’d love to connect. Join us in crafting extraordinary experiences for our global audience."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f8ba4c08afac4b96","title":"Solutions Engineer (EMEA)","company":"PHOTOROOM","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f8ba4c08afac4b96","description":"About us\n\nPhotoroom launched in 2020 after being accepted into Y Combinator and has become the world's most popular AI photo editor over the past four years. Our goal is to create the technology allowing anyone create studio-level product images in minutes.\n\nWith over 300 million downloads and processing 5+ billion images annually, we serve both individual creators and major enterprises like Amazon, DoorDash, and Decathlon through our B2C app and B2B API solutions.\n\nWe're a profitable, remote-friendly company that has raised Series B funding and aims for 40% year-over-year growth. Our team of 100+ passionate builders focuses on craft, innovation, and collaboration, creating exceptional impact for entrepreneurs and businesses worldwide.\n\nRole Summary\n\nWe are looking for an EMEA-based Solutions Engineer with a strategic mindset and a proactive approach.\n\nOver the past 2 years, we’ve been expanding and partnering with more—and larger—Enterprise customers like Netflix, Wix, and DoorDash.\n\nAs a Solutions Engineer, you’ll play a critical role in driving the success of our Enterprise customers. You'll serve as a trusted technical partner to our Sales and Partnerships team, helping prospects and clients understand how Photoroom’s solutions can transform their visual workflows. You'll leverage our existing technical playbook and proactively contribute to its improvement.\n\nThe majority of our Enterprise customers integrate via our API, so this role requires a strong technical foundation along with the ability to communicate clearly and confidently with both developers and business stakeholders.\n\nCompensation: €92-114k + Stock-Options/BSPCE\n\nLocation: Remote across Europe with monthly Paris office visits (fully reimbursed)\n\nAbout the role\n\nYou will partner with the Sales team to lead technical discovery, run demos, and build proofs of concept that showcase the value of our platform.\n\nYou will act as a trusted technical advisor to prospective and existing enterprise customers.\n\nYou will design and propose tailored integration solutions based on each customer’s tech stack, goals, and product roadmap.\n\nYou will own the technical implementation experience—from onboarding to deployment—ensuring a smooth and efficient integration process.\n\nYou will create high-quality documentation, including API references, integration guides, and tutorials.\n\nYou will capture customer feedback and collaborate with Product and Engineering to inform our roadmap.\n\nYou will identify and document common use cases, integration patterns, and troubleshooting steps to enable internal teams.\n\nAbout you\n\nYou have 5+ years of experience in a technical pre-sales, solutions engineering, or customer-facing technical role, ideally within a SaaS or API-first company.\n\nYou have hands-on experience working with RESTful APIs and are proficient in tools such as Postman, Swagger/OpenAPI, and basic scripting or integration logic.\n\nYou have hands-on coding experience with languages such as Python, JavaScript, or similar, and can write scripts, build proof-of-concept integrations, and troubleshoot technical implementations alongside customers and internal teams.\n\nYou’ve created technical documentation, integration guides, or implementation playbooks, and can explain complex concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences.\n\nYou’re confident in running live demos and technical deep dives with stakeholders across engineering, product, and business functions.\n\nYou can independently scope and propose integration solutions based on a client’s tech stack, requirements, and constraints.\n\nYou have a track record of collaborating closely with engineering teams to relay customer feedback and influence the product roadmap.\n\nYou manage multiple projects simultaneously and consistently deliver on time with a high level of attention to detail.\n\nYou are fluent in English (written and spoken); fluency in other languages is a plus.\n\nBonus: You have experience with computer vision, ML-based image generation, or media infrastructure (e.g., working with images, graphics, or content delivery pipelines).\n\nIf you think you have what it takes but don't meet every single point above, please still apply. We'd love to chat and see if you could be a great fit.\n\nBenefits\n\nWork flexibly from anywhere in Europe within a 3-hour flight from Paris (HQ)\n\nRegular team gatherings, including in-person onboarding in Paris (1-2 weeks), yearly company offsite and team retreat, quarterly in-person meetings (monthly during probation period), and social events like winter party and hackathons.\n\n30 days annual leave plus local public holidays\n\nCompetitive equity package with stock options/BSPCE, giving you ownership in our growing company\n\n€1000 one-time home office grant OR €400 per month co-working space stipend\n\n€1,000 annual learning and development budget for training, courses, books, and skill development\n\nPrivate health insurance\n\nAccess to personalised mental health support, including 1:1 sessions with therapists or coaches, self-care tools, and well-being resources via MokaCare\n\nSports and cultural activities reimbursement\n\nRelocation support (up to 10k) available for those choosing to move to France, including apartment finding and visa assistance.\n\nNote: Visa sponsorship and relocation support are only available for positions based in France. We cannot sponsor visas for remote positions outside of France.\n\nHiring Process\n\nScreening call with Talent Manager (30min)\n\nTechnical interview with Hiring Manager (45min)\n\nTake-home assignment (duration varies by role) and live review with the team (45min)\n\nCulture fit interviews and meet the team (~3h in total)\n\nReference check and offer\n\nSupport: We value diversity and aim to create an inclusive experience for all applicants. Please let us know if there’s anything we can do to make the process more accessible for you.\n\nDiversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging\n\nWe're committed to enabling everyone to feel included and valued at work. We believe our company and culture are strongest when composed of diverse experiences and backgrounds.\n\nThat's also why we have flexible working hours, trust people to work remotely, and extended parental leave.\n\nAll qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, family, gender identity, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fa9426460a79fb51","title":"AI & Intelligent Automation Lead (on-site or remote)","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Paris\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Paris (75)\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Paris (75)\",\"latitude\":48.85341,\"longitude\":2.3488,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Paris (75)\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fa9426460a79fb51","description":"Location: Remote, local to regional Keyrock hub locations\n\nAbout Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we've grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we partner with over 180 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from self-taught DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels, and Singapore, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We're pioneers in adopting the Rust Development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry's progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we're not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We're actively building it.\n\nMission statement\n\nWe are looking for a dedicated, technically experienced AI & Intelligent Automation Lead/Product Manager to join our growing team, focused on pioneering the integration of AI and intelligent automation within our core operations and strategic initiatives. This role is pivotal in shaping how we augment human capabilities with AI, driving significant advancements in productivity, efficiency, and decision-making across the organization.\n\nYou'll be responsible for identifying, developing, and launching innovative AI-powered solutions that directly impact our market-making activities, risk management, and operational processes. This includes, but is not limited to, leveraging LLMs and other relevant AI/ML technologies, Multi-Agent Coordination and Planning (MCP), and advanced data analytics (e.g. towards context engineering), to create tools and systems that empower our teams, to automate and accelerate value creation.\n\nKeyrock Product Managers are responsible for developing valuable and viable systems (& implicit services) that consider the voices of\n\nBusiness & Commercial teams,\n\nTrading & Research teams,\n\nAnd Engineering builders.\n\nIn this way, a level of ‘trilingual’ competency - to be able to perform just enough research - is required for the role.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nProduct Strategy & Vision: Define and articulate the product vision, strategy, and a roadmap for AI and intelligent automation initiatives, aligning with Keyrock's overall business objectives and technology strategy.\n\nAI Application & Automation: Drive the practical application of AI by identifying key use cases and working closely with engineering teams to integrate LLMs, MCP, and other state-of-the-art automation technologies into existing and new products, after prioritising.\n\nTechnology Integration: Oversee the end-to-end integration of AI models and tools into Keyrock's existing technological ecosystem, ensuring seamless operation, scalability, and maintainability, through use case definition, documentation, and driving QA.\n\nFinancial Context & Time Series Data: Leverage your understanding of financial markets and expertise in time series data manipulation to identify opportunities for AI to enhance trading strategies, risk prediction, and operational insights.\n\nHuman-AI Teaming & Productivity: Champion a vision for accelerating human-AI collaborative intelligence applications. This involves discovering & designing products that enhance teams’ decision-making, automate repetitive tasks, and create efficient and valuable workflows between human operators and intelligent systems.\n\nProcess & Capability Shaping: Actively shape organizational processes, standards, and capabilities related to AI development and deployment. This includes defining, promoting, and iterating best practices for data governance, model validation, and responsible AI usage, in conjunction with governance teams for relevant areas.\n\nStakeholder Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams including Commercial, Trading, Research, Engineering, Operations, and Compliance to discover opportunities, gather requirements, define product specifications (with Engineering), and ensure successful product delivery that complies with the needs of regulatory and control functions.\n\nMarket & Technology Research: Stay abreast of the latest advancements in AI, machine learning, data engineering, and automation, identifying emerging technologies and trends that can be leveraged to create competitive advantages.\n\nPerformance & Impact Measurement: Define key metrics and KPIs to measure the success and impact of AI-powered products, iterating based on data and feedback. Be able to identify why one piece of work is prioritised over another through (simple) models of impact.\n\nEssentials\n\nExperienced Product Leader: 5+ years of product management experience, with a proven track record of successfully launching and scaling complex technology products.\n\nAI/ML Expertise: Demonstrated experience with Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, with a particular emphasis on practical application of LLMs, MCP, and other advanced automation paradigms. Relevant portfolios welcome.\n\nTechnical Acumen & Data Engineering: Strong technical understanding of software development, data architectures, and API integrations. “Just enough” level of experience in data engineering, including building and maintaining data pipelines, is highly valued. Ability to engage in technical discussions with engineering teams.\n\nFinancial Domain Exposure: Prior exposure to financial contexts, market data, and time series data manipulation is highly desirable. Experience in fintech, trading, or quantitative finance is a significant plus.\n\nStrategic & Pragmatic Thinker: Ability to articulate a clear product vision and translate it into actionable strategies and roadmaps, starting from simple, fast, proofs of concept.\n\nProcess & Organisational Design: A strong desire to influence and shape organisational processes and capabilities, driving the adoption of new technologies and ways of working.\n\nCollaborative & Communicative: Excellent communication, interpersonal, and stakeholder management skills. Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment.\n\nProblem Solver: Analytical and data-driven approach to problem-solving, with a keen eye for identifying opportunities for automation and efficiency.\n\nEntrepreneurial Spirit: Self-starter with a proactive and innovative mindset, comfortable operating in a dynamic and evolving industry.\n\nBeneficial experience\n\n3+ years experience working in a financial services context\n\nStrong grasp of the technologies underpinning recent AI developments\n\nAn existing portfolio of AI-centric productivity solutions\n\nAn existing portfolio of product prototypes, with rationale of value for each\n\nExposure to digital assets, financial trading industry, or financial services contexts.\n\nHiring process\n\nPeople & Talent team screening call\n\nHiring Manager Interview\n\nRecruitment Challenge\n\nFinal Interview)s) (1-2) with (an) executive stakeholder(s)\n\nOur recruitment philosophy\n\nWe value self-awareness in our recruitment process. We seek people who understand themselves and their career goals. We're after those with the right skills and a conscious choice to join our field. The perfect fit? A crypto enthusiast who’s driven, collaborative, and delivers solid, scalable outcomes.\n\nWhy Keyrock?\n\nBe at the forefront of innovation in digital assets and AI.\n\nWork on challenging problems with a direct impact on the business.\n\nA competitive salary package, with various benefits depending on the method of engagement (employee or freelancer).\n\nAutonomy in your time management thanks to flexible working hours and the opportunity to work remotely\n\nThe freedom to create your own entrepreneurial experience by being part of a team of people in search of excellence\n\nAs an employer we are committed to build an inclusive, diverse and non-discriminating work environment. We welcome employees of all backgrounds, ethnicities, genders, creed and sexual orientation. We hire, reward and promote entirely based on merit and performance.\n\nDue to the nature of our business and external requirements, we perform background checks on all potential employees, passing which is a prerequisite to join Keyrock."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fad5be33f4ca6281","title":"Localizations Manager","company":"Ruby Labs","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Grand Est\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Grand Est\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Grand Est\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fad5be33f4ca6281","description":"About us\n\nRuby Labs is a leading tech company that creates and operates innovative consumer products. We offer a diverse range of opportunities across the health, education, and entertainment industries. Our innovative teams are driving the future of consumer-led products, and we're always looking for passionate individuals to join us. Learn more about our story at: https://rubylabs.com/about-us/\n\nAbout the role\n\nWe are opening a new unit inside our marketing department and looking for a meticulous, results-oriented Localizations Manager to join the Marketing team at Ruby Labs. This full-time role will be responsible for leading our localization efforts across 30+ languages and ensuring the translated marketing assets sound 100% native, are error-free, and drive measurable performance improvements.\n\nYou will manage the end-to-end localization process for our websites, email campaigns, ad creatives, and marketing funnels across all Ruby Labs brands. You’ll use AI-powered tools for efficient translations, collaborate with professional proofreaders to ensure native-level quality, and run A/B tests to validate the performance of localized content. This is a high-impact role reporting directly to the Marketing Director and will be instrumental in improving global conversion rates and brand experience.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nLocalization Management: Oversee all translations of websites, email campaigns, ad creatives, funnels, and marketing assets across 30+ languages.\n\nNative-Level Quality: Ensure all localized content sounds fully native, not like literal text translations from original English text to a foreign language.\n\nAI & Proofreader Workflow: Translate content using AI and collaborate with professional proofreaders to validate quality and tone.\n\nA/B Testing & Performance Tracking: Set up A/B tests to compare high-quality localizations against current translations and report on conversion rate impact.\n\nProject Management: Own timelines and deliverables across multiple brands and languages. Prioritize tasks and communicate effectively with stakeholders.\n\nUI/UX Awareness: Ensure translations are visually compatible with web and app layouts. Maintain readability and design integrity across all languages.\n\nCollaboration: Work cross-functionally with brand managers, designers, copywriters, developers, and QA to ensure a seamless user experience in all languages.\n\nQualifications\n\nExperience: Minimum 2 years of experience in localization or translation of marketing content at scale.\n\nAI Tools: Strong experience using AI-powered translation and productivity tools (e.g., ChatGPT, Manus AI, DeepL, or similar).\n\nProofreader Collaboration: Experience working with professional proofreaders to ensure native-level accuracy and quality.\n\nProject Management: Proven project management skills with the ability to handle multiple deadlines, languages, and stakeholders simultaneously.\n\nMarketing Acumen: Understanding of marketing tone, persuasive copy, and how to adapt content to different cultural contexts.\n\nUI/UX Sensitivity: Awareness of how text expansion and translation may affect layouts in web and mobile interfaces.\n\nLanguage Skills: Fluent English; multilingual skills are a plus.\n\nLocation\n\nRuby Labs operates within the CET (Central European Time) zone. Applicants from any country are welcome to apply for the position as long as they are located within approximately ± 4 hours of CET. This ensures optimal collaboration and communication during working hours.\n\nBenefits\n\nDiscover the perks of being part of our vibrant team! We offer:\n\nRemote Work Environment: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere, anytime, promoting a healthy work-life balance.\n\nUnlimited PTO: Enjoy unlimited paid time off to recharge and prioritize your well-being, without counting days.\n\nPaid National Holidays: Celebrate and relax on national holidays with paid time off to unwind and recharge.\n\nCompany-provided MacBook: Experience seamless productivity with top-notch Apple MacBooks provided to all employees who need them.\n\nFlexible Independent Contractor Agreement: Unlock the benefits of flexibility, autonomy, and entrepreneurial opportunities. Benefit from tax advantages, networking opportunities, reduced employment obligations, and the freedom to work from anywhere. Read more about it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dHF4ctKlez75whdn-ybUwP5d5Wr0BdwVrorrm_fM40Q/preview\n\nBe part of our fast-growing team and seize this excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth!\n\nInterview Process\n\nAfter submitting your application, we conduct a thorough review which typically takes 3 to 5 days, but may occasionally take longer due to the volume of applications received. If we see a potential fit, we proceed with the following steps:\n\nApplication Submission: Provide your CV along with examples of localized marketing materials or links to work you’ve led.\n\nRecruiter Screening (30 minutes): Discuss your experience, tools used, and your process for achieving native-sounding translations.\n\nTask Assignment: Showcase your ability to localize assets using AI tools and set up A/B test strategy.\n\nFinal Interview (60 minutes): Meet with the Marketing Director to share your strategic vision and ideas to improve global localization performance.\n\nLife at Ruby Labs\n\nAt Ruby Labs, we move fast, aim high, and expect the same from our team. We’re not here to play small—we’re here to build, grow, and win. That means we look for people who are ambitious, driven, and ready to give their best every single day.\n\nThis is a place for individuals who thrive under pressure, embrace challenges, and see opportunity in every obstacle. If you’re hungry to achieve, motivated by impact, and want to grow at the speed of your own ambition, Ruby Labs offers the platform to make it happen.\n\nHere, effort is matched with reward. We recognize those who go all in and deliver results, and we create space for people who want more—more responsibility, more growth, and more success.\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fd5dd8b762621ec7","title":"Senior Customer Success Manager - EMEA - Woman / Man / Non Binary","company":"FILIGRAN","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"France\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"France\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"France\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fd5dd8b762621ec7","description":"The Company\n\nFiligran, founded in October 2022, stands out in the cybertech ecosystem for its commitment to revolutionizing cyber threat management with a proactive approach. Its mission is to develop innovative open-source solutions designed to anticipate cyber threats, identify security gaps, and strengthen organizational security posture.\n\nFiligran solutions are now trusted by over 6,000 public and private organizations worldwide.\n\nThe Role\n\nWe're looking for a Senior Customer Success Manager to join our Customer Success Team and help us to continue providing value to our customers in EMEA. Based in France and working remotely, you will play a key role in ensuring the success and satisfaction of our users throughout their journey with Filigran. You will collaborate closely with support, sales, and product teams to align technical delivery with business goals, while acting as a trusted advisor to our customers.\n\nYour Responsibilities\n\nOwn and manage the full customer lifecycle: onboarding, adoption, training, and renewal\n\nBuild strong, proactive relationships with customers in the EMEA\n\nIdentify and support opportunities for upsell and cross-sell in partnership with Sales\n\nCoordinate with internal teams to resolve customer issues quickly and effectively\n\nCollaborate with Customer Support Engineers to ensure seamless communication and delivery in response to support tickets\n\nCollect and share customer feedback to improve product and service quality\n\nTrack success metrics and use data to inform customer strategy and engagement\n\nWho You’ll Work With\n\nYou will report to the Europe Head of Customer Success\n\nWork closely with Customer Support Engineers (CSEs), Sales, Product, and Engineering teams\n\nPartner with regional teams to serve a diverse customer base\n\nCollaborate cross-functionally to ensure high customer satisfaction and retention\n\nProfile We’re Looking For\n\n3+ years experience working in an operational cybersecurity role (CTI, CSIRT, SOC)\n\nExperience supporting French and EMEA customers\n\nStrong technical aptitude and ability to work with tools like OpenCTI or OpenBAS (training available)\n\nExcellent communication skills\n\nComfortable in a remote, async-first culture\n\nExperience in Customer Success, Account Management, or a similar client-facing is a plus\n\nExperience with CRM/CSM tools, customer journey tracking, and success metrics\n\nFluency in English, French is a plus\n\nWhy Join Filigran? More than just a job.\n\nWe’re a fast-growing, global, and fully remote company on a mission to empower defense teams to be proactive — through open-source solutions that uncover threats and drive action.\n\nWhat we believe\n\nWe believe we do work that matters — uniting defenders into a global community to make security more open, resilient & collaborative.\n\nHow we work\n\nThat belief fuels how we work — with focus, clarity and high standards. Always with care and respect, never with ego.\n\nWhat guides us\n\nThat focus and care is grounded in our CORE values: Cohesion, Openness, Responsibility, and Equity — the compass that guides our decisions, collaborations, and growth, even when no one’s watching.\n\nCompensation & Benefits\n\nCompetitive pay + equity — everyone shares in our success\n\nRemote-first, flexible, and balanced — work that fits your life\n\nYour setup, your choice — pick the gear that works for you\n\nEqual Employment Opportunity\n\nWe enable cybersecurity through inclusion — from code to culture.\n\nAt Filigran, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe diversity of our people make our products and our team stronger. We welcome talent of every background, identity, and lived experience — regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.\n\nWhat matters here is what you bring — not what you look like, where you’re from, or how you identify.\n\nReady to Join Us?\n\nApply now and help us build the future of the cybersecurity ecosystem — together."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fefcd4f42e29fce0","title":"CDI - Responsable Global des Catégories Achats / Procurement Global Category Manager - SBS - Paris","company":"Sopra Steria","location":"{\"city\":\"Courbevoie\",\"postalCode\":\"92400\",\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"92400 Courbevoie\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Courbevoie (92)\",\"latitude\":48.8967,\"longitude\":2.2567,\"streetAddress\":\"Place de la Défense 1 bis\",\"fullAddress\":\"92400 Courbevoie\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"13 days ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fefcd4f42e29fce0","description":"Description de l'entreprise\n\nSBS est un leader mondial de technologies financières qui aide les banques et l'industrie des services financiers à réimaginer leur rôle dans un monde de plus en plus numérique. SBS est un partenaire de confiance de plus de 1 500 institutions financières et prêteurs à grande échelle dans 80 pays à travers le monde, dont Santander, Société Générale, KCB Bank, Kensington Mortgages, Mercedes-Benz et Toyota FS. Sa plateforme cloud offre à ses clients une architecture composable pour la numérisation des opérations, allant de la banque au crédit et du reporting règlementaire aux paiements, en passant par la finance des consommateurs et des actifs.\n\nAvec 3 400 employés répartis dans 50 bureaux, SBS est reconnue comme l'une des 10 premières entreprises européennes de technologies financières par IDC et comme leader dans l'Univers Omdia : Plates-formes bancaires numériques. Le siège de SBS se situe à Paris, France.\n\nSBS is a global financial technology company that’s helping banks and the financial services industry to reimagine how to operate in an increasingly digital world. SBS is a trusted partner of more than 1,500 financial institutions and large-scale lenders in 80 countries worldwide, including Santander, Societé Generale, KCB Bank, Kensington Mortgages, Mercedes-Benz, and Toyota FS. Its cloud platform offers clients a composable architecture to digitize operations, ranging from banking, lending, compliance, to payments, and consumer and asset finance.\n\nWith 3,400 employees in 50 offices, SBS is recognized as a Top 10 European Fintech company by IDC and as a leader in Omdia’s Universe: Digital Banking Platforms. SBS is headquartered in Paris, France.\n\nDescription du poste\n\nEn tant que Responsable Global des Catégories Achats chez 74Software, vous jouerez un rôle clé dans la gestion des achats de biens et services permettant à notre activité logicielle mondiale de fonctionner efficacement. Vous collaborerez étroitement avec les parties prenantes internes dans plusieurs régions afin de garantir que les activités d’approvisionnement soient rentables, conformes et alignées sur les objectifs de l’entreprise. Ce poste requiert de solides compétences en négociation, une grande attention aux détails et la capacité à gérer les relations fournisseurs dans un environnement international dynamique.\n\nLe Responsable Global des Catégories est chargé de développer et de mettre en œuvre des stratégies d’approvisionnement pour les services professionnels et les services non liés aux produits au sein de l’organisation. Cela inclut des catégories telles que le conseil, les services juridiques, l’audit, les services RH, la formation, les services financiers et autres fonctions de support. Le rôle vise à assurer la création de valeur, la performance des fournisseurs, la conformité et l’alignement avec les besoins globaux de l’entreprise.\n\nResponsabilités principales :\n\nStratégie & Planification des Catégories\n\nDévelopper et mettre en œuvre des stratégies globales par catégorie.\nRéaliser des analyses de dépenses, des études de marché et des évaluations du paysage fournisseurs.\nAligner les plans de catégorie avec les parties prenantes internes, toutes fonctions et géographies confondues.\n\nApprovisionnement & Gestion des Contrats\n\nPiloter les initiatives d’approvisionnement, y compris les processus RFI/RFP, la sélection des fournisseurs et les négociations contractuelles pour obtenir les meilleures conditions en termes de prix, qualité et délais.\nVeiller à ce que les contrats répondent aux exigences métier, aux normes de conformité et aux objectifs de gestion des risques, en collaboration avec l’équipe juridique.\nAnalyser les données d’achat pour identifier des opportunités d’économies et améliorer l’efficacité opérationnelle.\n\nGestion des Relations Fournisseurs\n\nGérer les relations stratégiques avec les fournisseurs et leur performance, en tant que point d’escalade en cas de problème.\nRéaliser des revues régulières des fournisseurs et mettre en place des indicateurs de performance (KPI) et des accords de niveau de service (SLA).\nFavoriser l’amélioration continue, l’innovation et l’optimisation des coûts.\n\nEngagement des Parties Prenantes\n\nCollaborer avec les parties prenantes internes (RH, Juridique, Finance, Audit) pour comprendre les besoins en services, anticiper la demande, planifier les budgets et suivre les dépenses.\nAgir en tant que conseiller en achats, en promouvant les bonnes pratiques et la valeur du sourcing stratégique.\n\nGouvernance & Conformité\n\nGarantir le respect des politiques d’achat, des normes éthiques et des exigences réglementaires.\nSoutenir les processus de gestion des risques liés aux tiers et de diligence raisonnable.\nSe tenir informé des tendances du marché, des nouveaux fournisseurs et des innovations technologiques en matière d’approvisionnement.\n\nProcessus & Outils\n\nContribuer à la mise en œuvre du nouvel outil Workday Procurement et à la gestion du changement associée, en interne comme en externe.\nSoutenir les initiatives d’approvisionnement globales, notamment la consolidation des fournisseurs et la standardisation/optimisation des processus.\nMaintenir des enregistrements précis des bons de commande, des contrats et des indicateurs de performance des fournisseurs.\n\nAs a Global Category Manager at 74Software you will play a key role in managing the purchasing of goods and services that enable our global software business to operate effectively. You will partner closely with internal stakeholders across multiple regions to ensure procurement activities are cost-effective, compliant, and aligned with business goals. This role requires strong negotiation skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage vendor relationships in a fast-paced, international environment.\n\nThe Global Category Manager is responsible for developing and executing sourcing strategies for professional services and non-product related services across the organization. This includes categories such as consulting, legal, audit, HR services, training, financial services, and other business support functions. The role ensures value creation, supplier performance, compliance, and alignment with global business needs.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nCategory Strategy & Planning\n\nDevelop and implement global category strategies.\nConduct spend analysis, market intelligence, and supplier landscape assessments.\nAlign category plans with internal stakeholders across functions and geographies.\n\nSourcing & Contract Management\n\nLead sourcing initiatives including RFI/RFP processes, supplier selection, and contract negotiations to secure the best terms for pricing, quality, and delivery.\nEnsure contracts meet business requirements, compliance standards, and risk mitigation goals in collaboration with the legal team.\nAnalyze procurement data to identify cost-saving opportunities and improve operational efficiency.\n\nSupplier Relationship Management\n\nManage strategic supplier relationships and performance, acting as a point of escalation for supplier performance issues.\nConduct regular supplier reviews and implement KPIs and SLAs.\nDrive continuous improvement, innovation, and cost optimization.\n\nStakeholder Engagement\n\nPartner with internal stakeholders (e.g., HR, Legal, Finance, Audit) to understand service needs and priorities, as well as to forecast demand, plan budgets, and track spend.\nAct as a procurement advisor, promoting best practices and strategic sourcing value.\n\nGovernance & Compliance\n\nEnsure adherence to procurement policies, ethical standards, and regulatory requirements.\nSupport third-party risk management and due diligence processes.\nStay informed about market trends, new suppliers, and innovations in procurement technology.\n\nProcesses & Tools\n\nContribute to implementing the new tool Workday Procurement and managing the related change with internal as well as external parties.\nSupport global procurement initiatives, including vendor consolidation as well as process standardization and optimization.\nMaintain accurate records of purchase orders, contracts, and supplier performance metrics.\n\nQualifications\n\nDiplôme de niveau Bac+5 en achats ou dans un domaine connexe.\nMinimum 7 ans d’expérience en achats, avec une spécialisation dans les services professionnels et autres catégories non liées aux produits.\nSolide expérience en négociation contractuelle, gestion des parties prenantes et gouvernance fournisseurs.\nBonne connaissance des pratiques d’approvisionnement à l’échelle mondiale et des cadres de conformité.\nMaîtrise des systèmes d’achats (idéalement Workday Procurement) et des outils d’analyse de données.\nExcellente maîtrise de l’anglais à l’écrit et à l’oral ; la connaissance d’autres langues est un plus.\n\nCompétences clés\n\nExcellentes compétences en communication, négociation et capacité d’influence.\nAptitude à engager et à collaborer avec les parties prenantes.\nEsprit analytique et sens de la résolution de problèmes.\nCapacité à collaborer dans un environnement multiculturel et à s’adapter.\nForte capacité d’analyse et aptitude à gérer plusieurs priorités dans un environnement dynamique.\nCapacité à travailler en collaboration avec des équipes locales et internationales réparties sur plusieurs fuseaux horaires.\n\nQualifications\n\nMaster’s degree (or MBA) in Procurement or a related field.\n7+ years of experience in procurement, with a focus on professional services and other non-product related categories.\nStrong experience in contract negotiation, stakeholder management, and supplier governance.\nKnowledge of global procurement practices and compliance frameworks.\nProficiency in procurement systems (ideally with Workday Procurement) and data analytics.\nFluent written and verbal communication in English; additional languages are a plus.\n\nKey Competencies\n\nExcellent communication, negotiation and influencing skills.\nStakeholder engagement and communication.\nAnalytical thinking and problem-solving.\nCross-cultural collaboration and adaptability.\nStrong analytical skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.\n\nAbility to work collaboratively with global and local teams across multiple time zones\n\nInformations supplémentaires\n\nLes avantages à nous rejoindre :\n\nUn accord télétravail pour télétravailler jusqu'à 2 jours par semaine selon vos missions.\nUn package avantages intéressants : une mutuelle, un CSE, des titres restaurants, un accord d'intéressement, des primes vacances."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ffa2c1ed00ea6ab2","title":"CMO – Associé (orienté business dev / vente)","company":"TRIPLUCH","location":"{\"city\":\"Télétravail\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"France\",\"countryCode\":\"FR\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Télétravail\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Télétravail\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":\"Télétravail\"}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://fr.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ffa2c1ed00ea6ab2","description":"Cette offre est temporairement non salariée et le deviendra dès que le chiffre d'affaires le permettra. Le temps passé sur le projet sera néanmoins valorisé sous forme de parts du capital (jusqu'à 30%).\n\n En tant que cofondateur vous pouvez être amené à investir de l’argent personnel dans l’entreprise.\n\n La startup est déjà créée, nous cherchons à développer rapidement le chiffre d’affaires.\n\nNous développons une solution concrète pour le tri des biodéchets.\n\nNotre solution s’adresse à des entreprises et des collectivités.\n\nLe marché est en forte croissance, poussé par des tendances de fond : durabilité, pression réglementaire (loi AGEC), attentes des consommateurs.\n\nNotre ambition est nationale.\n\nLe projet est né d’une prise de conscience personnelle et d’une envie de contribuer à un modèle plus vertueux.\n\nImpact sociétal et environnemental : réduction des déchets, création de valeur locale et durable.\n\nL’état d’avancement :\n- Le cadre juridique est en place (SAS créée)\n- Une première version du produit est commercialisée\n- Des clients ont déjà signé et les premiers retours sont très encourageants\n- La technologie repose sur une innovation d’usage et une bonne compréhension du terrain, sans R&D lourde\n\nIl est maintenant temps d’accélérer la traction commerciale avec la bonne personne à bord.\n\nL’équipe actuelle\nJe suis la fondatrice, avec un profil technique (ingénieur en électronique).\nMes valeurs : transparence, exigence, éthique, et plaisir dans ce que je fais.\nUne apprentie développeuse m’accompagne également.\n\nJe cherche aujourd’hui un véritable associé commercial, capable de penser stratégie et d’être dans l’action. Quelqu’un qui a déjà vendu, qui comprend les cycles longs, les négos B2B, et qui sait transformer une vision en réalité.\n\nDescription du poste\n\nLa solution existe. Les premiers clients sont là. Le marché est ouvert.\nMais pour passer à l’échelle, il faut structurer et déployer une stratégie commerciale solide et la mettre en œuvre avec efficacité.\nJe cherche une personne capable de penser et faire. De réfléchir, tester, ajuster, vendre, signer.\n\nStratégie commerciale :\n\nAffiner les offres, le positionnement, les messages\nDéterminer les canaux d’acquisition (inbound/outbound, partenariats…)\nChallenger le modèle économique et construire le plan de croissance\n\nExécution terrain :\n\nProspecter, rencontrer, signer\nConstruire un pipe de leads qualifiés\nAméliorer le CRM existant\n\nMissions à 6 mois :\n\nIdentifier et signer 10 clients supplémentaires (minimum)\nChallenger le business model\nPréparer des éventuels dossiers de subvention/concours\nPoser les bases d’une équipe \"SALES\" si la traction est au rendez-vous\nProfil recherché\n\nAcadémique : Peu importe ton école ou ton diplôme, ce qui compte c’est ton expérience, ton réseau, ta capacité à vendre.\n\nLe télétravail est la norme, mais une rencontre en présentiel chaque semaine sur Toulon (et alentours) est essentielle pour garder une vraie cohésion d’équipe et faire avancer le projet.\n\nExpérience :\n\n Expérience significative en développement commercial (startups, PME, scale-up, etc.) : 5 ans minimum\n\n Idéalement dans un secteur B2B à impact ou en lien avec la transition écologique\n\n Expérience entrepreneuriale ou forte appétence pour l’aventure startup\n\nCompétences Indispensables :\n\n Closing / prospection\n\n Élaboration d’offres commerciales\n\n Capacité à pitcher et convaincre des clients / investisseurs\n\n Maîtrise d’un CRM\n\n Sens de l’écoute et compréhension des besoins\n\n Transparence et honnêteté\n\n Esprit d’équipe\n\nAtouts supplémentaires :\n\n Intérêt pour l’économie circulaire / le développement durable\n\n Growth hacking ou stratégie outbound in\n\n Connaissance du secteur des déchets\n\n Aisance en storytelling / réseaux pro (LinkedIn…)"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4302447770","title":"Sr Director Analyst - Customer Self-Service Operations and AI Strategy (Remote - EMEA)","company":"Gartner","location":"Stamford","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://gartner.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/EXT/job/Remote\\u002d\\u002d-United-Kingdom/Sr-Director-Analyst\\u002d\\u002d\\u002d\\u002dCustomer-Analytics\\u002d\\u002dJourney\\u002d\\u002d-AI-Enablement-for-Service-and-Support_101367/apply?source=JB-10120","description":"This is an individual contributor role, based remotely out of the UK or EU. About the Role:We are seeking a Senior Director Analyst with proven expertise in designing digital customer service experiences and leveraging emerging technologies—such as generative AI—to enhance customer interactions and improve service operations.In this role, you will research and provide actionable guidance to leaders in customer service and support.You’ll focus on helping organizations develop and optimize digital service channels, use data and analytics to design and deliver service, and apply the latest technologies, including GenAI, to create more effective and engaging customer experiences. Your insights will help clients solve complex challenges, improve their digital customer service strategies, and achieve key business objectives.You will share your insights and findings through published research, presentations, virtual client meetings, and sales support.The ideal candidate will have a strong background in digital customer service, customer service experience design, and hands-on experience implementing technologies like AI to transform how organizations interact with customers. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are essential, as you will be creating materials for and advising senior executives.We encourage you to apply if you are passionate about shaping the future of digital customer service and have a track record of applying innovative technologies to improve customer service experience and operations.What you will do:Deliver high-quality actionable advice to an executive client audience through a variety of media. Write provocative and pragmatic research that is clear and actionable. Create and deliver presentations for webinars and other client-facing Gartner events. Track vendors, market trends and emerging practices to remain ahead of the curve within the self-service space. Deliver outstanding sales support to retain and grow the Gartner business. Build credibility as an industry expert to represent Gartner research, methodology and strategy. Actively participate in innovation, ideation, and research discussions and collaborate effectively with peers in the research community. Identify research process improvements or develop new processes that help the team and Research &amp; Advisory provide excellent service delivery. Be a mentor and a coach by supporting more junior team members. Who you are:You deeply understand the Customer Service or Customer Support function and have hands-on, real-world experience implementing self-service capabilities and AI chatbots for customer service, and leading a data-first culture (governance, literacy) and strategies. You know how to use data-led decision-making, and form compelling stories from data. You have experience in analyzing, managing, &amp; designing customer journey management and orchestration within an organization. You know how to measure and analyze the success of the service function. You are fluent in the best practices of implementing and setting the roadmap and strategy for artificial intelligence and agentic AI in the service function. You enjoy learning and being challenged intellectually on new topic areas or adjustments to previously held beliefs. You are a strong communicator who can explain complex concepts concisely and simply. You are a subject matter expert who is comfortable presenting at large and small-scale speaking engagements. You can demonstrate executive presence and can immediately establish credibility with executives and additional stakeholders. What you will need:Experience working in the Customer Service or Customer Support function, specifically with experience leading the operations of customer service and support, customer experience, or customer service and support data &amp; analytics functions. Bachelor's Degree, with 12+ years’ experience in self-service capabilities and 5+ years’ within AI for customer service or support. Subject matter expertise, with demonstrated knowledge of managing data and analytics teams, and experience inspiring budget investment. Deep knowledge of Heads of Customer Service and Support initiatives, goals, objectives, and business value ROI. Strong organizational skills: ability to work under tight deadlines and produce high quality deliverables. Demonstrate excellence in research and writing ability. Strong written and verbal proficiency, analytical and presentation skills; ability to engage clients and respond effectively to questions. Ability to represent Gartner's research methodology and strategies effectively at all levels. Willingness and ability to travel up to 10% (where applicable). Comfort in a remote work environment, partnering with global colleagues. Who are we?At Gartner, Inc. (NYSE:IT), we guide the leaders who shape the world.Our mission relies on expert analysis and bold ideas to deliver actionable, objective insight, helping enterprise leaders and their teams succeed with their mission-critical priorities.Since our founding in 1979, we’ve grown to more than 21,000 associates globally who support ~14,000 client enterprises in ~90 countries and territories. We do important, interesting and substantive work that matters. That’s why we hire associates with the intellectual curiosity, energy and drive to want to make a difference. The bar is unapologetically high. So is the impact you can have here.What makes Gartner a great place to work?Our sustained success creates limitless opportunities for you to grow professionally and flourish personally. We have a vast, virtually untapped market potential ahead of us, providing you with an exciting trajectory long into the future. How far you go is driven by your passion and performance.We hire remarkable people who collaborate and win as a team. Together, our singular, unifying goal is to deliver results for our clients.Our teams are inclusive and composed of individuals from different geographies, cultures, religions, ethnicities, races, genders, sexual orientations, abilities and generations.We invest in great leaders who bring out the best in you and the company, enabling us to multiply our impact and results. This is why, year after year, we are recognized worldwide as a great place to work.What do we offer?Gartner offers world-class benefits, highly competitive compensation and disproportionate rewards for top performers.In our hybrid work environment, we provide the flexibility and support for you to thrive — working virtually when it's productive to do so and getting together with colleagues in a vibrant community that is purposeful, engaging and inspiring.Ready to grow your career with Gartner? Join us.The policy of Gartner is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status and to seek to advance the principles of equal employment opportunity.Gartner is committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including job seekers with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the Company’s career webpage as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by calling Human Resources at +1 (203) 964-0096 or by sending an email to ApplicantAccommodations@gartner.com.Job Requisition ID:101367By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policyFor efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4289322662","title":"Senior Principal Customer Success Manager, Strategic Accounts DACH (German Speaking)","company":"Atlassian","location":"Sydney","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://globalcareers-atlassian.icims.com/jobs/21875/senior-principal-customer-success-manager,-strategic-accounts-dach-(german-speaking)/job?iis=LinkedIn&iisn=LinkedIn_Job_Ad&mode=job","description":"OverviewWorking at AtlassianAtlassians can choose where they work – whether in an office, from home, or a combination of the two. That way, Atlassians have more control over supporting their family, personal goals, and other priorities. We can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.ResponsibilitiesOverviewAtlassian is seeking a Senior Principal - Customer Success, Strategic Accounts to accelerate product adoption, deliver verifiable business outcomes, and delight our most strategic customers. You will play a pivotal role in ensuring customers realize the full value of their Atlassian investment, particularly as they navigate digital and AI transformations. This role requires deep engagement with executive stakeholders, a focus on measurable outcomes, and the ability to guide complex, global organizations through change.Your Future TeamOur Customer Success team is focused on value realization, helping customers leverage Atlassian solutions to drive enterprise transformation. We operate as a unified team, collaborating across sales, product, and services to deliver outcomes at scale.ResponsibilitiesStrategic Customer Management - working with a 1-4 of our most strategic global customersExecutive Engagement &amp; Trusted Advisor: Build and maintain trusted relationships with C-suite and senior executives, ensuring Atlassian is positioned as a strategic partner in their digital and AI transformation journeys.Outcome-Driven Success: Accelerate product adoption and deliver verifiable business outcomes, focusing on measurable value realization and expansion across global teams.Strategic Success Planning: Lead the development and execution of Customer Success Plans (CSPs) that align with customer business goals, including regular check-ins, QBRs, and strategic planning sessions. Leverage CSPs as a vehicle for driving adoption, retention, and expansion.Complex Program Leadership: Guide customers and internal teams through complex implementation and transformation initiatives, often involving multiple partners and stakeholders.AI &amp; Emerging Tech Enablement: Advise customers on leveraging Atlassian’s AI and emerging technologies to enhance their strategies and operations.Risk Mitigation: Proactively identify risks, escalate issues, and drive mitigation strategies in partnership with account teams.Voice of the Customer: Serve as the customer advocate internally, providing actionable feedback to improve Atlassian’s products, services, and customer experience.Cross-Functional Collaboration: Partner with sales, product, support, and advisory services to deliver a seamless customer experience and maximize business value.Qualifications10+ years in Customer Success, account management, consulting, or enterprise transformation, with a proven track record managing the largest, most complex strategic customers.Business and commercial acumen with experience communicating with and delivering solutions to the SVP/C-level for Fortune 500/global enterprise customers.Demonstrated success in leading transformational initiatives that drive measurable customer outcomes (e.g., differentiated use cases, efficiency savings, accelerated growth and business outcomes (e.g., platform adoption, expansion, retention).Experience with AI and large scale technology transformation in enterprise environments including agile ways of working, project management, DevOps and automation or IT service managementStrong understanding of Jira, Confluence, and Atlassian solution use cases, with the ability to advise on solution trade-offs and best practices.Expertise with Customer Success Planning frameworks; experience using Gainsight, Salesforce, Tableau, or similar tools.Excellent problem-solving, escalation management, communication, and stakeholder management skills.Preferred: 5+ years with Atlassian-powered solutions, ITSM certification, experience with MEDDPICC or similar deal qualification frameworks.Bi-lingual in German and EnglishQualificationsBenefits &amp; PerksAtlassian offers a wide range of perks and benefits designed to support you, your family and to help you engage with your local community. Our offerings include health and wellbeing resources, paid volunteer days, and so much more. To learn more, visit go.atlassian.com/perksandbenefits .About AtlassianAt Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team. Our software products help teams all over the planet and our solutions are designed for all types of work. Team collaboration through our tools makes what may be impossible alone, possible together.We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.To provide you the best experience, we can support with accommodations or adjustments at any stage of the recruitment process. Simply inform our Recruitment team during your conversation with them.To learn more about our culture and hiring process, visit go.atlassian.com/crh ."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312787193","title":"Senior Principal - Customer Success, Strategic Accounts, France (French Speaking)","company":"Atlassian","location":"Sydney","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://globalcareers-atlassian.icims.com/jobs/22955/senior-principal\\u002d\\u002d-customer-success,-strategic-accounts,-france-(french-speaking)/job?iis=LinkedIn&iisn=LinkedIn_Job_Ad","description":"OverviewWorking at AtlassianAtlassians can choose where they work – whether in an office, from home, or a combination of the two. That way, Atlassians have more control over supporting their family, personal goals, and other priorities. We can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity.ResponsibilitiesExecutive Engagement &amp; Trusted Advisor: Build and maintain trusted relationships with C-suite and senior executives, ensuring Atlassian is positioned as a strategic partner in their digital and AI transformation journeys.Outcome-Driven Success: Accelerate product adoption and deliver verifiable business outcomes, focusing on measurable value realization and expansion across global teams.Strategic Success Planning: Lead the development and execution of Customer Success Plans (CSPs) that align with customer business goals, including regular check-ins, QBRs, and strategic planning sessions. Leverage CSPs as a vehicle for driving adoption, retention, and expansion.Complex Program Leadership: Guide customers and internal teams through complex implementation and transformation initiatives, often involving multiple partners and stakeholders.AI &amp; Emerging Tech Enablement: Advise customers on leveraging Atlassian’s AI and emerging technologies to enhance their strategies and operations.Risk Mitigation: Proactively identify risks, escalate issues, and drive mitigation strategies in partnership with account teams.Voice of the Customer: Serve as the customer advocate internally, providing actionable feedback to improve Atlassian’s products, services, and customer experience.Cross-Functional Collaboration: Partner with sales, product, support, and advisory services to deliver a seamless customer experience and maximize business value.Qualifications10+ years in Customer Success, account management, consulting, or enterprise transformation, with a proven track record managing the largest, most complex strategic customers.Executive presence and experience delivering solutions at the SVP/C-level for Fortune 500/global enterprise customers.Demonstrated success in leading transformational initiatives that drive measurable customer outcomes (e.g., differentiated use cases, efficiency savings, accelerated growth and business outcomes (e.g., platform adoption, expansion, retention).Experience with AI and digital transformation in enterprise environments.Strong understanding of Jira, Confluence, and Atlassian solution use cases, with the ability to advise on solution trade-offs and best practices.Proficiency with Customer Success Planning frameworks; experience using Gainsight, Salesforce, Tableau, or similar tools.Excellent problem-solving, communication, and stakeholder management skills.Preferred: 5+ years with Atlassian-powered solutions, ITSM certification, experience with MEDDPICC or similar deal qualification frameworks.Bi-lingual in French and EnglishBenefits &amp; PerksAtlassian offers a wide range of perks and benefits designed to support you, your family and to help you engage with your local community. Our offerings include health and wellbeing resources, paid volunteer days, and so much more. To learn more, visit go.atlassian.com/perksandbenefits .About AtlassianAt Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team. Our software products help teams all over the planet and our solutions are designed for all types of work. Team collaboration through our tools makes what may be impossible alone, possible together.We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.To provide you the best experience, we can support with accommodations or adjustments at any stage of the recruitment process. Simply inform our Recruitment team during your conversation with them.To learn more about our culture and hiring process, visit go.atlassian.com/crh ."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312132492","title":"Senior Account Executive – France (f/m/d)","company":"Apaleo","location":"Munich","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://grnh.se/bak4krpy3us?gh_src=KAkcNW","description":"At Apaleo, we believe the future of hospitality is open, connected, and driven by innovation. Our API-first platform empowers forward-thinking hotel brands to design the tech stack that fits their unique vision—unlocking new levels of efficiency, guest experience, and growth. With over 100 hotels already live in France, we're just getting started. The industry is shifting, and we're at the forefront of that transformation.As a Senior Account Executive – France, you'll play a pivotal role in shaping this change. You'll lead high-impact sales cycles, secure flagship mid-market accounts, and partner with the local ecosystem to drive adoption of the next generation of hospitality technology.What You'll Be Up To:Build on strong momentum in France by closing flagship and mid-market accounts.Focus on multi-property hotel groups, serviced apartments, and modern operators.Lead complex sales cycles, engaging HQ, Ops, IT, and Finance.Leverage Apaleo's international ecosystem of partners, apps, and consultants to accelerate deal cycles and customer value.Build and grow a local community of forward-thinking hospitality operators and tech partners.Act as a trusted advisor, guiding operators through change and digital transformation.Share market feedback to influence GTM, product, and ecosystem strategy.Represent Apaleo at industry events and community activations.What You'll Bring to the Team:5+ years of SaaS sales experience, focused on mid-market or strategic accounts.Strong track record in consultative, value-based selling.Native-level French and fluent English.Confidence in navigating complex buying processes with multiple stakeholdersFamiliarity with partner-driven ecosystems or platform-led go-to-market motions.A genuine passion for hospitality – whether from previous experience, a strong network, or deep curiosity to understand how the industry works.Curious, autonomous, and action-oriented, with a strong sense of ownership.A collaborative mindset and desire to contribute to a growing sales team and community.What We Offer:A Diverse &amp; International Team – Work alongside passionate experts from various disciplines and backgrounds, fostering a truly global perspective.Flat Hierarchy &amp; Flexible Structure – Enjoy autonomy and ownership in an environment that values collaboration over rigid hierarchies.A Key Role in a Fast-Growing Startup – Join one of the most promising international startups in hospitality tech, with the freedom to work hybrid from France and shape the future of the industry on your terms.Fair &amp; Transparent Compensation – Benefit from a clear peer review system and career progression plan designed to reward your growth.Flexible Working Style – We support flexible hours and remote work, depending on the role.Engaging Team Events – Join us for cocktail club nights, team dinners, meet-ups, and company celebrations!30 Days of Vacation – Recharge and enjoy a generous annual leave policy.Access to EGYM Wellness Pass – enjoy a variety of fitness and wellness studios to support your physical and mental well-being.How you make an impact joining Apaleo: Joining Apaleo means more than just taking on a role—it's about driving real change in the hospitality industry. Your contributions will directly shape our innovative platform, influence company-wide decisions, and help redefine the future of hospitality tech. At Apaleo, your voice matters, your ideas are valued, and your impact is tangible. Be part of a team where your work fuels progress, collaboration sparks innovation, and growth is a shared journey.We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive, and welcoming workplace. We encourage applications from individuals of all backgrounds, regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Your personal data will be handled with the utmost care and in compliance with GDPR and relevant data protection regulations. We celebrate differences and believe that diversity enriches our team and drives innovation."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314637728","title":"Customer Success Specialist (Farsi/English)","company":"WOO","location":"Taipei","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://grnh.se/iriydi598us","description":"WOO X is a global centralised crypto futures and spot trading platform offering best-in-class liquidity and price execution. WOO X has an average daily volume exceeding $1.5 billion and is home to hundreds of thousands of traders worldwide. WOO X traders benefit from radical transparency through our industry-first live Proof of Reserves &amp; Liabilities dashboard and the company's mission to maintain the trust of its growing community of traders. Our team of 200+ highly-talented employees works from 12 cities across eight countries in Europe and Asia 🚀Our vision is to inspire confidence, higher performance, and joy in every user. We have a mission to provide the best liquidity on the best terms. We compete not just on price execution but also on integrity, user experience, innovative tools, and global opportunities.About the opportunity:We are looking for a Customer Success Specialist (Farsi/English) to join us on this mission and vision. You'll become an integral part of the Customer Success team, which is dedicated to empowering traders with seamless support, personalised guidance, and proactive solutions. The team bridges the gap between users and our products, ensuring an exceptional trading experience by addressing concerns, optimising engagement, and driving long-term satisfaction.What you'll be working on:Deliver high-quality, responsive support to users through official WOO X support channels.Communicate clearly and empathetically to help users navigate WOO X products and resolve issues efficiently.Collaborate with Product, Operations, and Marketing teams to escalate user feedback and improve the overall experience.Educate users about new features, updates, and security best practices.Maintain accurate records of user interactions and ensure timely follow-up for resolution and satisfaction.Identify common user pain points and propose enhancements that strengthen engagement and loyalty.Uphold WOO's service and communication standards across all customer touchpoints.Why work with us: Join us in realising our vision in advancing decentralisation, and leading innovation in CeFi. Enjoy work flexibility, a supportive team, and an environment that nurtures your ideas. Plus, expect a performance-based annual bonus for all contributors at WOO 💪About you:2 + years of experience in Customer Support, Account Management, or Customer Success in crypto, fintech, or financial services.Excellent command of English and Persian (Farsi), both written and spoken.Strong understanding of cryptocurrency trading platforms and user needs.Empathetic, detail-oriented, and passionate about helping users succeed.Strong problem-solving, communication, and multitasking skills.Comfortable working independently in a global, fast-paced remote environment.Getting the jobWe're actively seeking talented individuals to join our team outside of our typical hiring schedule. This proactive approach allows us to connect with exceptional candidates like you even before specific positions become available.On average, successful candidates go through five rounds of interviews and tests. Our hiring process begins by meeting with our People Team, who help facilitate the process of placing you in your new role. You can expect to share your experience and ideas in online video interviews with our hiring team, made up of management and potential new colleagues.Submitting your resume now ensures that you're first in line when new opportunities arise. By doing so, you'll have a head start in the selection process and get a chance to showcase your skills and experience.Get started on your application here!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314073576","title":"Client Partner, Strategic Learning","company":"Harvard Business Publishing","location":"Brighton","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://hbpublishing.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Remote-UAE/Client-Partner\\u002d\\u002dStrategic-Learning_JR250395?source=LinkedIn","description":"Harvard Business Publishing (HBP) – the leading destination for innovative management thinking. We reach lifelong learners to improve the practice of management in a changing world. This mission inspires each of us to unlock the leader in everyone – including you!The opportunityJob Overview:The Client Partner, Strategic Learning (CPSL) is a senior leader within the key account team, partnering with the Regional Director to drive account growth, profitability, and the successful design and delivery of complex leadership development solutions. Serving as a trusted adviser and thought leader, the CPSL builds deep, strategic relationships with clients, engaging senior leaders in business and leadership development conversations that shape impactful learning strategies. With strong business acumen and deep expertise in leadership development, the CPSL architects innovative, high-quality solutions that align with client needs and Harvard Business Publishing’s offerings. As a key member of the Regional Steering Committee and an extended member of the Service Delivery leadership team, the CPSL plays a critical role in shaping regional strategy, ensuring solution excellence, and advancing the evolution of Corporate Learning’s practices and services.What will you do:Partner with regional sales leadership to define account strategy and plan for most critical accounts and prospectsCo-develop account strategy and execution planPartner to develop opportunities and define solutionsDevelop proposals and pricingEnsures solution relevance and executability through close partnership with Service Delivery leadersLearning and Leadership Consultant Leverages deep business acumen and knowledge of external factors (local economy, competition, learning trends, learning technology) to lead business conversations with colleagues and with clients/prospectsGains client confidence to consult on their comprehensive leadership development strategyProvides market information to Marketing and Product Management to ensure that HBP remains at the forefront of leadership developmentSolution Architect Leads high-level design sessions with prospects/clients to co-create the optimal solutionArchitects leadership development solutions that are innovative and produce expected behavior change, while leveraging standard HBP solutions wherever possibleThought Leader Stays current with trends in leadership, business and learning to help further the learning and leadership development professionProvides thought leadership in a variety of forums: client meetings, white papers, industry conferencesBusiness Development and Client Relationship Management PartnerPartners with the sales and delivery teams to develop, maintain, and sustain client relationships over timeDifferentiates HBP against the competition by focusing on points of differentiation to help increase sales and retain clientsEnsures, with appropriate staffing, design and delivery of projects within an accountManage high quality needs assessment, program design, curriculum development and delivery of each client programWith appropriate sized teams within an account, responsible for leading an account’s portfolio of business and meeting or exceeding margin, client and quality expectations. Able to take a leadership role in managing client situations such as scope/timing/quality challenges and is able to identify situations that pose high risk for HBP and draw upon the appropriate resources to mitigate. Effectively coaches and mentors team members on client skills, leadership development content and expertise, etc. What will you bring:10+ years of experience in learning solutions design and deliveryDemonstrated ability and experience in the following:Selling/designing/delivering leadership and management development programsDelivering consulting and professional services for complex learning solutions and/or working in a learning and development organization.Partnering with sales team upstream in the business development process conducting conversations that explore business needs and position potential solutionsWorking with clients at all levels of an organizationDeveloping and sharing of thought leadership on learning and leadership development trendsManaging a portfolio of client projects and in leading teams of practitioners Broad-based knowledge of Learning and Development, including technology-enabled adult learning methodologiesComfortable and effective in a consultative selling environmentExceptional interpersonal skills combined with collaboration and team leadership abilitiesInnovative, flexible and client focused approach to consultingStrong financial and business acumenExceptional written and verbal communication skills in English &amp; ArabicWhat We OfferAs a mission-driven global company, Harvard Business Publishing is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion, trust, and engagement where everyone is welcome, valued, respected, and feels they belong. In addition to a competitive compensation and benefits package, we offer meaningful programs focused on career development and employee wellness, such as education reimbursement and early-release Summer Fridays!HBP is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314253156","title":"Regional Sales Manager KSA","company":"Quectel","location":"Minhang District","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://hire-r1.mokahr.com/social-recruitment/quecteloverseas/100000074#/job/a1c330db-107c-492d-9eaa-d55ff98dba2e","description":"Company DescriptionQuectel is a global IoT solutions provider dedicated to accelerating IoT innovation. With over 4,000 professionals worldwide, we lead the way in wireless IOT products. Our commitment to advancing IoT technologies is evident in our customer-centric approach and outstanding support services.Role DescriptionThis is a remote role for a Regional Sales Manager KSA at Quectel. The role will involve managing sales activities, developing strategies to penetrate growth segments in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, building and maintaining customer relationships, and achieving sales targets. The Regional Sales Manager will work closely with the other departments to drive business growth.ResponsibilitiesDevelop new business for non-cellular business units of all products and services including cellular, WIFI / Lora / Bluetooth / Satellite / GNSS /Antennas / ODM and PCBAIoT solution sales or business development experience is a great assetBuilding relationships with the key accounts in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia marketWork in cooperation with RSM/RSD in Region and PDM to define target list of accounts and opportunities to follow up together, directly or together with distributors to increase sales and market penetration.Work in close cooperation with product teams, distributors, and other sales managers &amp; technical support team and involve the right people to secure design in’s.Increase the number of opportunities visiting exhibitions, using available market maps, reaching the inside sales leads and webshop sales.Check and update CRM database for quotes, forecast and other relevant processes required.Ability to Work autonomously and should understand the market and technologies and follow technology developmentsHunting spirit, frequent travel to meet customersQuarterly updates on MNOs , key accounts, regional bodies strategy and regional initiativesIdentifying and promoting Quectel customer solutionsIkotek, Acceleronix and othersIncrease awareness of Quectel with all key entitiesGain strategic and future plans from all key entities across regionTrack all key entities RFPs and share with regional sales teamDrive new technologies/networks with KEY ACCOUNTsRedCap, NTN, Smart Modules, etcAccelerate network deployment using Quectel partner devices.Building forms of co-operation with the target entities and partners, and put it in a formal form such as (MOUs, partnerships,...)In co-operation with marketing department, arrange for joint activities with partners and target entities such as joint media releases, joint exhibiting in trade shows,QualificationsBachelor or equivalent degree in science, engineering, computer science or related field3~5 years experience working with cellular modules / SoM Modules / WIFI/ BT/ Lora/ Zigbee from sales or application engineering role, ideally field basedExperience of SOC and embedded application systems highly desirableHunting spirit with focus on new business development"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4278279632","title":"Senior Solution Architect - Anaplan","company":"Anaplan","location":"Miami","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anaplan/jobs/8084621002?s=LinkedIn&gh_src=e9acd4852&source=LinkedIn","description":"At Anaplan, we are a team of innovators focused on optimizing business decision-making through our leading AI-infused scenario planning and analysis platform so our customers can outpace their competition and the market.What unites Anaplanners across teams and geographies is our collective commitment to our customers’ success and to our Winning Culture.Our customers rank among the who’s who in the Fortune 50. Coca-Cola, LinkedIn, Adobe, LVMH and Bayer are just a few of the 2,400+ global companies who rely on our best-in-class platform.Our Winning Culture is the engine that drives our teams of innovators. We champion diversity of thought and ideas, we behave like leaders regardless of title, we are committed to achieving ambitious goals, and we love celebrating our wins – big and small.Supported by operating principles of being strategy-led, values-based and disciplined in execution, you’ll be inspired, connected, developed and rewarded here. Everything that makes you unique is welcome; join us and let’s build what’s next - together!Are you a strategic thinker with deep expertise in Supply Chain, Finance or Sales Performance Management? Ready to lead transformational work at the forefront of enterprise planning technology? Anaplan is looking for a Senior Solution Architect to join our high-impact Professional Services team in EMEA. You’re a sharp, consultative leader who thrives on solving problems and unlocking value. You bring strong domain experience, technical know-how, and a passion for innovation.This is more than an implementation role, it’s a chance to drive strategic outcomes for some of the world’s most innovative and complex enterprises. You’ll architect future-ready solutions, solve business-critical problems, and help industry leaders plan smarter, faster, and more dynamically using Anaplan’s powerful connected planning platform. At Anaplan, we're not just building modelswe're transforming how businesses plan for the future. Join a diverse, collaborative, and mission-driven team that’s redefining what’s possible in enterprise planning. You'll be empowered to think big, act boldly, and bring your authentic self to every challenge.Your ImpactStrategic Impact: Influence major business transformations across finance, supply chain, and sales performance domains.Cutting-Edge Technology: Deliver solutions on top of Anaplan’s unique Hyperblock™ engine—enabling real-time data and predictive modeling at scale.Trusted Advisor Status: Engage directly with senior client stakeholders and internal Anaplan teams to shape solution strategy and roadmap execution.High-Visibility Work: Be at the forefront of Anaplan’s most strategic customer engagements.Lead the design and delivery of complex connected planning solutions.Translate business problems, models, and spreadsheets into scalable Anaplan solutions.Work closely with customer teams to optimise and future-proof business processes.Act as the architectural SME across large-scale deployments and high-value projects.Support pre-sales activity through solution design, estimation, and customer presentations.Coach, mentor, and support the growth of other consultants and solution architects across the business.Preferred SkillsProven experience implementing Enterprise Performance Management (EPM), financial planning, or supply chain planning solutions (e.g. Anaplan, SAP, Oracle, Workday Adaptive, etc.).Deep functional knowledge in one or more of the following areas: finance, supply chain, or sales performance management.Track record of leading successful enterprise-scale projects and engaging senior business stakeholders.Strong modelling and analytical capabilities, with a strategic mindset.Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging (DEIB) We believe attracting and retaining the best talent and fostering an inclusive culture strengthens our business. DEIB improves our workforce, enhances trust with our partners and customers, and drives business success. Build your career in a place where diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging aren’t just words on paper – this is what drives our innovation, it’s how we connect, and it contributes to what makes us a market leader. We believe in a hiring and working environment where all people are respected and valued, regardless of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, or any other aspect which makes people unique. We hire you for who you are, and we want you to bring your authentic self to work every day! We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive equitable benefits and all privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Fraud Recruitment Disclaimer It has come to our attention that fraudulent and fictitious job opportunities are being circulated on the Internet. Prospective candidates are being contacted by certain individuals, mainly through telephone calls, emails and correspondence, claiming they are representatives of Anaplan. The main purpose of these correspondences and announcements is to obtain privileged information from individuals.  Anaplan does not: Extend offers to candidates without an extensive interview process with a member of our recruitment team and a hiring manager via video or in person.   Send job offers via email. All offers are first extended verbally by a member of our internal recruitment team whenever possible and then followed up via written communication.  All emails from Anaplan would come from an @anaplan.com email address. Should you have any doubts about the authenticity of an email, letter or telephone communication purportedly from, for, or on behalf of Anaplan, please send an email to people@anaplan.com before taking any further action in relation to the correspondence.  "}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4168267166","title":"Senior Product Manager (Growth & UX)","company":"Hyphen Connect","location":"United Arab Emirates","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/hyphenconnect/jobs/4663618007","description":"We are hiring for one of our ecosystem projects - a cryptocurrency exchange.They are seeking a Senior Product Manager to lead user acquisition and product growth efforts from conception to implementation. In this position, you’ll shape the future of trading onboarding by crafting seamless workflows and KYC processes for retail, VIP, and institutional clients across mobile and web platforms. You’ll integrate products, implement tracking, and design dashboards for analytics and CRM insights, while collaborating with Growth and CRM teams to boost conversions through targeted campaigns. Leading feature development and roadmap planning, you’ll also engage with users to gather feedback and drive continuous improvement.In This Role, You WillBuild, iterate, and optimize best-in-class trading onboarding workflows, ensuring synergy across mobile app and website experiences.Ensure a smooth onboarding and KYC process for retail, VIP, and institutional clients.Connect products for an integrated experience across the suite.Implement event tracking and design dashboards for analytics and CRM insights.Collaborate with Growth and CRM teams on targeted campaigns to boost conversions.Lead feature definition with detailed specs and co-manage the product roadmap.Gather user feedback through testing and client interviews to enhance the product.You Might Thrive In This Role If You Have5+ years of product management experience in crypto trading, DEX, or web3.2+ years of experience in Growth or CRM initiatives with proven results.Track record of launching and improving scalable software or financial products.Strong leadership and collaboration skills with cross-functional teams.Familiarity with APIs, smart contracts, and version control systems like Git.Sharp problem-solving skills and a proactive, self-learning attitude.Excellent communication skills for building relationships with global teams."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4168265384","title":"Senior Product Manager (Mobile App Experience)","company":"Hyphen Connect","location":"United Arab Emirates","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/hyphenconnect/jobs/4663635007","description":"We are hiring for one of our ecosystem projects - a cryptocurrency exchange.They are seeking a Senior Product Manager to lead product initiatives from concept to execution. In this position, you’ll craft top-notch workflows tailored for advanced retail traders, ensuring a seamless experience across mobile and web platforms. You’ll drive multi-channel integration, implement event tracking, and design dashboards to deliver actionable insights, while overseeing a dynamic retail product suite featuring trading, bots, staking, and more. Leading feature development with clear specifications, you’ll guide teams, co-manage the roadmap, and collaborate closely with delivery and engineering experts to bring ideas to life. Through user studies and partnerships with Marketing, Growth, and CRM, you’ll refine products and boost adoption, making a real impact in a fast-paced environment.In This Role, You WillEnsure multi-channel integration across mobile app and website experiences.Implement event tracking and design dashboards for analytics and product insights.Manage a retail product suite including trading, bots, staking, and more.Lead feature definition with detailed specs and guide feature teams.Co-manage the roadmap and collaborate with delivery and engineering teams.Conduct user studies and work with Marketing, Growth, and CRM for product adoption.You Might Thrive In This Role If You Have4+ years of product management experience in crypto trading, DEX, or web3.A data-driven mindset with a passion for user-focused products.Proven success in launching and refining scalable software or financial products.Strong leadership and collaboration skills across diverse teams.Excellent communication and a proactive, results-oriented attitude.Familiarity with APIs and a keen ability to learn technical concepts.A positive approach to working with Designers, Engineers, QA, and other stakeholders."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314032081","title":"Account Director, Saudi Arabia","company":"Recorded Future","location":"Somerville","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/recordedfuture/jobs/8001967002","description":"With 1,000 intelligence professionals, over $300M in sales, and serving over 1,900 clients worldwide, Recorded Future is the world’s most advanced, and largest, intelligence company!Role: Account DirectorAs an Account Director at Recorded Future, you will drive revenue growth by expanding relationships with existing customers and acquiring new business. This role involves managing key accounts, identifying new opportunities, and working closely with internal teams and channel partners to deliver cybersecurity solutions to clients.What You'll Do:Account Management &amp; Development:Manage and grow existing relationships with customers in your designated territory, ensuring long-term success and expansion.Identify new opportunities within the existing customer base, driving upgrades, cross-sells, and contract renewals at escalated ARR rates.Partner with internal teams (e.g., Customer Success) to ensure customers receive the value they expect.Serve as the primary point of contact for customers, establishing trust and influence at all levels of the organization.New Business Acquisition:Prospect and acquire new clients aligning client’s cybersecurity needs with Recorded Future’s solutions.Drive the full sales cycle from lead generation, solution demos, negotiations, and closing deals with new customers.Leverage market insights to position Recorded Future’s solutions, staying informed about industry trends and competitor offerings.Collaborate with channel partners to expand your pipeline and increase market reach.Sales Execution &amp; Strategy:Develop and present compelling proposals, ensuring alignment with customer needs and objectives.Utilize sales methodologies such as MEDDIC and Value-Based Selling to influence decision-makers and close complex deals.Create and execute go-to-market strategies in collaboration with internal and external teams, aligning with both customer needs and business goals.Track and update opportunities in Salesforce, providing accurate forecasts and ensuring timely progress toward closing.What You'll Bring:Experience &amp; Industry Knowledge:Experience in full sales cycle roles, with a focus on new business acquisition in the enterprise cybersecurity, SaaS, or information security sectors.Proven ability to grow revenue through both existing accounts and new business acquisition.Deep understanding of the cybersecurity landscape, including knowledge of threat intelligence and security operations.Experience working with security-focused channel partners, and an understanding of how to leverage these relationships to drive growth.Skills &amp; Abilities:Consultative sales approach with strong communication skills to engage both technical and executive stakeholders.Analytical and problem-solving abilities to uncover customer needs and present solutions effectively.Negotiation expertise, with the ability to handle objections and close complex deals.Self-motivated and results-driven, with the ability to manage multiple priorities and work independently in a fast-paced environment.Tools &amp; Requirements:Proficiency in Salesforce, Google Suite, and a Mac environment.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.Ability to travel up to 30% of the time.Why should you join Recorded Future?Recorded Future employees (or “Futurists”), represent over 40 nationalities and embody our core values of having high standards, practicing inclusion, and acting ethically. Our dedication to empowering clients with intelligence to disrupt adversaries has earned us a 4.8-star user rating from Gartner and more than 45 of the Fortune 100 companies as clients.Want more info?Blog &amp; Podcast: Learn everything you want to know (and maybe some things you’d rather not know) about the world of cyber threat intelligenceLinkedin, Instagram &amp; Twitter: What’s happening at Recorded FutureThe Record: The Record is a cybersecurity news publication that explores the untold stories in this rapidly changing fieldTimeline: History of Recorded FutureRecognition: Check out our awards and announcementsWe are committed to maintaining an environment that attracts and retains talent from a diverse range of experiences, backgrounds and lifestyles. By ensuring all feel included and respected for being unique and bringing their whole selves to work, Recorded Future is made a better place every day.If you need any accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to our recruiting team at careers@recordedfuture.com Recorded Future is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Recorded Future does not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.Recorded Future will not discharge, discipline or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because such employee or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the employee or applicant or another employee or applicant.Recorded Future does not administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. This is in compliance with the law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and in alignment with our hiring practices across all jurisdictions.Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives:Recorded Future will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Any unsolicited resumes sent to Recorded Future, including those sent to our employees or through our website, will become the property of Recorded Future. Recorded Future will not be liable for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.Agencies must have a valid written agreement in place with Recorded Future's recruitment team and must receive written authorization before submitting resumes. Submissions made without such agreements and authorization will not be accepted and no fees will be paid.Note: Our interview process for all final-round candidates requires a mandatory in-person interview or a live, scheduled video conference with the hiring manager. We do not conduct interviews via instant messaging or text. All communications during the application process will come from individuals within our HR department via their Recorded Future email address."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314620295","title":"Regional Director | Middle East and Africa","company":"Harrison.ai","location":"Haymarket","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Harrison.ai/afbf443f-d02e-4672-8ed3-76137f9ad3aa?src=LinkedIn+Recruiter","description":"Why join us?💙 Do work that matters. We’re pioneering AI technologies that help raise the standard of healthcare for millions of people every day.🌏 Well-funded and global, backed by world-class investors including Aware Super, Blackbird Ventures, Skip Capital and Horizons Ventures. Harrison.ai’s total capital raised to date exceeds US$240 million.🌟Work with a bunch of awesome, genuine people who are passionate about what they do.💻 Flexible and remote-friendly working🚀Make a real impact. You won’t be another ‘cog in the wheel’ here. We give full trust and autonomy for you to be heard, to work on the big hairy projects – and to make a real difference.🌱Grow your career with us. We’re big believers in lifelong learning. You’ll be given a $1000 personal L&amp;D budget, plus opportunities for internal mobility to grow your career.🙌 Market-leading parental support including 16 weeks gender-neutral paid parental leave and $10,000 support for egg or sperm freezing.About Your RoleHarrison.ai is entering an exciting phase of rapid growth. As we continue to expand, we are seeking a commercially astute Regional Director – MEA to lead our planned expansion and support the decentralisation of our operating model in the region.Reporting to the Chief Revenue Officer, this newly created executive role is critical in driving sales growth, expanding market share, and building a high-performing regional team. As a senior leader within the broader Commercial organisation, the Regional Director is directly responsible for in-field execution across Commercial including: Sales, Regional Marketing, Customer Success, Presales and Field Solution Delivery &amp; all related OKRs.This role will serve as one of the most senior representatives of Harrison.ai in the Middle East, responsible for uniting and inspiring regional team members and fostering a culture of collaboration and performance.As a key architect of Harrison.ai’s future in MEA, the Regional Director will drive innovation, lead market expansion efforts, and ensure sustainable growth across all business units. Strategic territory planning and strong execution will be vital to returning the business to a phase of hyper-growth.Joining our dynamic and fast-growing organisation offers a unique opportunity to make a significant impact. You’ll be given the autonomy to shape the commercial trajectory of our business, establish a robust client and partner network in the region, and play a vital role in scaling medical predictions globally—ultimately improving patient outcomes and creating lasting positive impact in the world.What You DoStrategic Growth LeadershipDevelop and execute a comprehensive growth strategy for the MEA market, aligned with the organisation's global vision and goals,Identify and prioritise new market opportunities, partnerships, and revenue streams to drive expansion, andLead cross-functional initiatives to innovate and optimise go-to-market strategies,Sales and Business Development OversightDirect the sales team in achieving revenue targets through effective account management, pipeline development, and customer acquisition strategies, andBuild and maintain relationships with key stakeholders, partners, and clients to foster long-term business growth.Marketing LeadershipOversee the marketing function to enhance brand positioning, demand generation, and customer engagement across all channels, andEnsure marketing strategies are data-driven and aligned with sales objectives to maximise ROI.Customer Success Management Drive customer satisfaction and retention by ensuring exceptional service delivery through the customer success team, andMonitor customer feedback and implement proactive measures to address challenges and improve experiences. Collaboration with Shared ServicesWork closely with shared services teams (such as Finance, P&amp;C, IT, and Operations) to ensure alignment of resources and support for growth initiatives, andLeverage insights from shared services to inform strategic decision-making and operational improvements. Team Leadership and DevelopmentBuild, mentor, and lead a high-performing team of growth professionals across sales, marketing, presales, field solution delivery, and customer success functions, andFoster a culture of accountability, collaboration, innovation, and continuous improvement. Performance Monitoring &amp; ReportingEstablish key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of growth initiatives and report progress to the Chief Revenue Officer (CRO) and executive leadership team, andUse data analytics to identify trends, risks, opportunities, and areas for improvement.What You BringProven track record in driving revenue growth in a senior leadership role within a fast-paced organisation,Strong expertise in sales strategy development, marketing leadership, business development, or related fields,Proven experience selling into radiology services or imaging departments, with strong knowledge of PACS systems, imaging workflows, and clinical imaging environments. Experience with radiology AI products or imaging analytics is highly regarded,Existing strong network of decision makers and executives within the provider, payor and regulatory segments with medical imaging contacts,Exceptional leadership skills with experience managing cross-functional teams and working within a matrix reporting structure,Analytical mindset with proficiency in data-driven decision-making,Excellent communication skills with the ability to influence stakeholders at all levels,This role involves frequent travel across the region (up to 50%). For operational efficiency, we are seeking candidates who are open to frequent travel, rapid deployment to client sites, or short-notice travel requirements and,Bachelor's degree in Business Administration or related field required; MBA preferred.What We’re About  We're problem solvers, redefining what’s possible in healthcare through AI Technology. Our mission is to urgently scale global healthcare capacity, using AI automation to elevate the care clinicians can provide. The end goal is to raise the standard of healthcare for millions of patients every day.Yes, we’re a technology company and yes, we’re leveraging the latest AI technologies, but people are at the heart of everything we do.Since 2019, Harrison.ai and its ventures have scaled rapidly to 200+ employees worldwide with Harrison.ai’s total capital raised to date exceeding US$240 million. Our AI software has helped to create more lives through IVF, as well as enabling faster, more accurate diagnosis of medical images via our Annalise.ai suite of products. Soon, we’ll be helping with early cancer detection in pathology through our newest joint venture, Franklin.ai.And we’re just getting started. A role with Harrison.ai means you’ll be a part of our unique model – giving you access and opportunity to do impactful work across a range of healthcare domains.Help us shape the future of AI in healthcare. And most importantly, help us make a real difference in people’s lives.What's next? If you’re inspired by what we're up to, please apply now and we'll be in touch soon.  We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Diversity’s not a buzzword here, it’s in our DNA. Diverse perspectives shape our culture and make our work better. We’re committed to building inclusive teams that represent a variety of backgrounds and skills. We look forward to hearing from you."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4301420102","title":"Enterprise Account Executive - MEA","company":"Camunda","location":"Berlin","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/camunda/e30a849c-c492-43c2-b8e5-e6b7d071a05f/application?utm_source=En96Oea0a3&src=LinkedIn","description":"Camunda is the leader in enterprise agentic automation, orchestrating complex business processes, including high-value knowledge work, across agents, people, and systems. By creating production-ready, enterprise-grade agents with built-in governance, Camunda uniquely delivers trusted AI agents for business-critical processes. Over 700 leading innovators like Atlassian, ING, and Vodafone, rely on Camunda to slash time-to-value from months to days, boost operational efficiency, and elevate customer experiences.As a fully remote, global company, we’re rewriting the rules of modern business. Named GP Bullhound’s 2024 Top 100 Next Unicorn list, certified as a Great Place to Work, and recognized by Flexa for true flexibility, we’re growing fast and looking for top talent to join our team. If you’re excited to do meaningful work and make real impact, keep reading, this role could be the one you’ve been waiting for.About The RoleAt Camunda, we’re helping some of the world’s largest organizations, including global banks, insurers, and public sector institutions, transform how they orchestrate their most mission-critical business processes. As an Enterprise Account Executive (MEA), you’ll play a key role in expanding our presence across the Middle East, with a strong focus on the BFSI and Public Sector in the UAE.This isn’t a cookie-cutter sales role; you’ll be joining a values-driven, product-led company where your ideas, initiative, and strategic thinking will directly shape our success in one of our most exciting growth markets. If you’re someone who thrives on building deep customer relationships, selling with integrity, and creating long-term impact, we’d love to meet you.What You'll Be Doing Own and grow a defined territory in the MEA region, focusing on large enterprise accounts (5,000+ employees) across BFSI and Public Sector.Build trusted relationships with C-level decision-makers in both business and IT, driving meaningful conversations and long-term value.Develop and execute strategic Account Plans that align with customer goals and Camunda’s growth targets.Generate new pipeline through outbound campaigns, ecosystem partners, and creative prospecting. This role is as much about hunting as it is about closing.Lead consultative, value-based sales cycles using proven methodologies such as MEDDICC and Challenger Sales.Collaborate closely with our Solutions Engineering, Customer Success, and Product teams to ensure the best possible customer outcomes.What You Bring5+ years of enterprise software sales experience in the UAE, with a consistent track record of overachieving quota.Experience selling to large enterprises (5,000+ employees), particularly in the Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, and Public Sector verticals.Proven ability to navigate complex buying centers, influencing both IT and business stakeholders at the C-level.Strong grasp of sales methodologies such as MEDDICC, Challenger, or similar frameworks.Comfortable building new pipeline from scratch, this role requires initiative, grit, and ownership.Native in Arabic and fluency in English.Nice-to-havesFamiliarity with Camunda’s product or process automation platforms.Experience working in a product-led or open-source software company.Passion for process improvement, automation, and helping customers modernize legacy systems.Ability and willingness to use Camunda’s product for demos or learning.C 2CompensationWhat We Have to Offer:We offer competitive, fair, and transparent compensation. Salary ranges are location-based, with Standard and Major markets (global tech hubs) reflecting local competition.The Annual Total Target Cash (base salary + 100% variable target, where applicable) shown below spans from the minimum in a Standard market to the maximum in a Major market. Final offers depend on skills, experience, and location, and we typically hire in the first half of the range to allow room for growth:United States: $244,600 to $403,600Germany: €158,000 to €261,400United Kingdom: £153,600 to £252,600Singapore: S$303,800 to S$455,700If you’re based elsewhere, you’ll be hired via Remote.com (our global employer partner), and your Talent Acquisition Partner will provide a personalized Total Rewards Calculator after your first interview.Equity: We also offer equity (where applicable) through our Virtual Stock Option Plan (VSOP).Benefits &amp; PerksWe invest in your wellbeing, growth, and ability to connect, along with perks that support you no matter where you’re based. Our benefits are globally designed and locally delivered where applicable.Remote &amp; Flexible: Work from anywhere with the setup that suits you, home office budget, co-working space support, and flexible time off to recharge when you need it.In Person Connection: We invest in meaningful face time through our Annual Kickoff (Vienna in 2025, Madrid in 2026!), team offsites, and Camundi Connection Budgets, including contributing to meetups while travelling,, and local gatherings with fellow Camundi.Health &amp; Wellbeing: Access locally tailored healthcare, Modern Health for global mental wellbeing, and an annual fitness reimbursement.Financial Security: Retirement and pension plans (often with company contributions), plus life and disability insurance where relevant.Professional Growth: Up to $/€/£1,000 per year for self-driven learning: courses, certifications, books, you decide!More of what we offer globally &amp; in your country can be found here.”Everyone is welcome at Camunda” — it’s a celebrated component of our culture. We strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our people. At Camunda, we honour diverse cultures and backgrounds and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to gender, race, ethnicity, religion, belief, sexual orientation, age, disability or any other protected characteristics under applicable law. We are looking forward to your application!Come join us and be part of Camunda’s incredible journey: Make an impact at a pivotal moment in our story!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311932718","title":"General Manager, KSA","company":"Sully.ai","location":"Mountain View","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/sully-ai/4f2375ef-b50a-4c4d-a2d5-a7d44a589463?source=LinkedIn","description":"About Us👏 Team from OpenAI, DeepMind, NASA, GoogleX, Tesla, and 2 physicians: 6 exits, 2 IPOs.🔥 Our model outperforms Claude, Gemini, and GPT-4.5 on clinical benchmarks.📈 400+ healthcare orgs signed in 16 months.⚡️ $25M raised from YC, Amity Ventures, Sequoia scouts, and more.🌎 $1T+ market opportunity. We’re going after all of it.About The RoleWe are seeking a General Manager to launch and scale Sully.ai’s operations in Saudi Arabia. As our first in-market leader for KSA, you will own end-to-end P&amp;L responsibility, drive go-to-market execution, and build a high-performing local team. Reporting directly to the COO, you will lead strategy formulation, government engagement, and operational excellence to establish Sully.ai as a healthcare technology leader in Saudi Arabia.Key ResponsibilitiesStrategic Planning &amp; Execution: Define and implement Sully.ai’s KSA go-to-market strategy to drive rapid adoption and growth.Operational Leadership: Oversee all local operations (sales, partnerships, customer success, finance, HR) ensuring alignment with Sully.ai’s global standards.Financial Management: Own full P&amp;L responsibility, optimize expenses, and ensure financial discipline while driving aggressive revenue targets.Stakeholder Engagement: Build and maintain strong relationships with hospitals, regulators, government agencies, and key partners.Market Expansion: Conduct market analysis, identify new growth opportunities, and adapt Sully.ai’s offerings to meet Saudi healthcare needs.Regulatory Compliance: Ensure compliance with Saudi corporate, licensing, and healthcare regulations.Hard Requirements7+ years in a senior general management, country head, or regional leadership role.Proven track record scaling B2B SaaS or AI businesses, ideally in the Middle East.Strong financial acumen with hands-on P&amp;L ownership.Deep understanding of the Saudi healthcare ecosystem and regulatory environment.Bilingual proficiency: English (required), Arabic (strongly preferred).Exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills.Nice-to-HaveMBA or advanced degree in Business, Finance, or Economics.Experience launching and scaling startups or new-market entries.Established network across Saudi healthcare, government, and private sectors.First-Month FocusEstablish relationships with Saudi government bodies, regulators, and healthcare providers.Define a Saudi-specific growth strategy aligned with Sully.ai’s global objectives.Hire and onboard the first local team members to build foundational operations.Success OKRs (90 Days)Launch Saudi operations with first signed customer contracts.Secure 3–5 strategic partnerships with hospitals, clinics, or regulators.Build a high-performing local team and operational playbook for scaling.Culture FitPersistent, driven problem solverWilling to push back on leadership to defend quality/timelinesThrives in high-ambiguity, fast-paced startup environmentsWhy Join Sully.ai?🔥 Shape the Future of Healthcare: Build category-defining partnerships that enable doctors to focus on saving lives.📈 Early-Stage Impact: Join early and play a critical role in shaping our partnership roadmap and overall company growth.🌎 Remote-First Culture: Work with a talented, mission-driven team in a flexible, remote environment.💰 Competitive Compensation: Enjoy a competitive salary, equity, and the opportunity to make a real difference.🏆 Solve Scalability Challenges: Tackle complex challenges in a rapidly growing company, driving impactful change in healthcare.Sully.ai is an equal opportunity employer. In addition to EEO being the law, it is a policy that is fully consistent with our principles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, pregnancy or age. Sully.ai prohibits any form of workplace harassment."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4290338144","title":"Head of Sales, MENA","company":"Sully.ai","location":"Mountain View","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/sully-ai/6aced126-4fcc-43b6-85bd-ad5321a0a353?source=LinkedIn","description":"About Us👏 Team from OpenAI, DeepMind, NASA, GoogleX, Tesla, and 2 physicians: 6 exits, 2 IPOs.🔥 Our model outperforms Claude, Gemini, and GPT-4.5 on clinical benchmarks.📈 400+ healthcare orgs signed in 16 months.⚡️ $25M raised from YC, Amity Ventures, Sequoia scouts, and more.🌎 $1T+ market opportunity. We’re going after all of it.About UsWe don’t care about titles, we care about execution. We’re looking for someone to build out Sully's business in the MENA region and bring real AI to frontline care. From zero to scale, you’ll shape how thousands of providers deploy and trust medical agents that actually deliver. You will drive meaningful impact to the business and make Sully the gold standard for AI in healthcare.Join us on our mission to save livesWhy Sully?👏 Team from OpenAI, DeepMind, NASA, GoogleX, Tesla, and 2 physicians: 6 exits, 2 IPOs.🔥 Our model outperforms Claude, Gemini, and GPT-4.5 on clinical benchmarks.📈 400+ healthcare orgs signed in 16 months.⚡️ $25M raised from YC, Sequoia scouts, and more.🌎 $1T+ market opportunity. We’re going after all of it.The RoleYou Will Be Sully.ai’s First In-market Sales Leader For MENA, Responsible For Driving Top-line Growth And Building The Foundation For a Scalable Go-to-market Engine. Reporting Directly To The COO, You Will:Define and execute Sully.ai’s Dubai &amp; GCC sales strategy.Own and exceed revenue targets across enterprise healthcare accounts.Build, train, and scale a high-performing regional sales team.Develop repeatable sales processes, playbooks, and metrics.Partner with Customer Success and Partnerships to expand accounts.Forge strong relationships with healthcare providers, regulators, and strategic partners.Key ResponsibilitiesSales Execution: Drive new business pipeline, close strategic deals, and hit aggressive revenue targets.Team Leadership: Hire, mentor, and motivate A-level sales talent.Market Expansion: Identify whitespace opportunities, refine positioning, and localize our sales motion.Enterprise Relationships: Build trusted C-level relationships with providers, payors, and regulators.Process &amp; Metrics: Establish clear KPIs, forecasting rigor, and operational discipline.Qualifications &amp; Skills7+ years in enterprise sales leadership, with a track record of scaling B2B SaaS or AI businesses.Deep experience in selling to healthcare or highly regulated industries.Consistent history of beating quota and building teams that do the same.Exceptional negotiation, deal-making, and relationship-building skills.Regional expertise: fluent in English and Arabic, with proven success navigating UAE/MENA markets.Ability to operate 0→1 and build sales playbooks in ambiguous environments.This Is For Someone Who:Loves building from 0 to 1 (and then to 100).Can thrive in chaos, move fast, and think in systems.Gets excited about complex, technical customer problems.Wants real ownership—self-driven and self-managed.Can hire, train, and scale a high-performing sales team.Titles are whatever. Execution gets rewarded. If this sounds like you, let’s talk.More on UsWhy Join Sully.ai?🔥 Shape the Future of Healthcare: Build category-defining partnerships that enable doctors to focus on saving lives.📈 Early-Stage Impact: Join early and play a critical role in shaping our partnership roadmap and overall company growth.🌎 Remote-First Culture: Work with a talented, mission-driven team in a flexible, remote environment.💰 Competitive Compensation: Enjoy a competitive salary, equity, and the opportunity to make a real difference.🏆 Solve Scalability Challenges: Tackle complex challenges in a rapidly growing company, driving impactful change in healthcare.Sully.ai is an equal opportunity employer. In addition to EEO being the law, it is a policy that is fully consistent with our principles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, pregnancy or age. Sully.ai prohibits any form of workplace harassment."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4298777528","title":"Sr. Systems Engineer","company":"Versa Networks","location":"Santa Clara","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.jobvite.com/versa-networks/job/oBiQxfw0?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=LinkedIn","description":"DescriptionAbout UsAt Versa Networks, we're revolutionizing the way businesses connect, secure, and optimize their networks. Our mission is to secure anywhere, anytime access to anything. As a leader in Secure SD-WAN, SSE (Secure Service Edge), SASE (Secure Access Service Edge) and Next-generation Managed Services, we are empowering organizations across the globe to transform their IT infrastructure for the modern cloud era. Our innovative products enable enterprises to deliver a seamless, scalable, and secure digital experience, no matter where their users, devices, or applications are located. Founded by industry veterans and backed by premier venture capital firms, Versa is a market leader driving innovation and growth as it positions itself for a future IPO.We believe in fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and customer success. Our team is comprised of passionate, forward-thinking professionals dedicated to driving the future of networking technology. We encourage creativity, offer opportunities for growth, and provide a dynamic environment where our people can thrive and make an impact.At Versa Networks, we don’t just build products – we build relationships, elevate businesses, and shape the digital future. Join us and be part of a fast-paced, cutting-edge company that's making a real difference in how the world connects and communicates.Job SummaryWe are looking for passionate, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy Sr. Systems Engineers to help our customers and partners evaluate, adopt and expand the use of our technology.ResponsibilitiesProvide pre-sales technical support and technical expertise to our customers and partners with objective to achieve sales targets.Establish trusted advisory role with strategic customers and partners (CIO, CISO).Enable and/or update partner network on product evolution.Perform workshops with prospects or customers on product evaluations and do demonstrations.Perform hands-on tests to validate customer proof-of-concept setups, network designs, and network deployments using new products and feature.Respond to RFI’s/RFP’s.Provide market and product feedback to product management and back-office.Keep up-to-date on competitive solutions, products, and services.Author whitepapers, knowledge base articles, and other customer/partner facing content.QualificationsExperience in planning and designing or operating service provider or large enterprise WAN/LAN networksKnowledge on solutions on Cloud security with FWaaS, DLP, CASB, RBI and Malware prevention solutions.Knowledge on technologies used in the security scene, such as proxies, SSL/TLS, VPN’s, Active Director/SAML/LDAP, threat prevention and mitigationUnderstanding networking and security architectures on the SASE framework.In depth understanding of TCP/IP protocol stack and operation.Knowledge on WAN technologies and protocols like MPLS, MPLS based VPNs, BGP, OSPF, QoS, NAT, Multicast.Knowledge in architecting and/or managing large-scale, high performing and resilient Enterprise networking and security solutions.Knowledge on Linux administration.Beneficial Skills:Knowledge on best practices architectures for SaaS applications.Hands-on experience in public and private cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Openstack, VMware.Shell scripting, python scripting knowledge.Location: UAEApplicants must be authorized to work in the UAEWhy Versa?BenefitsAt Versa Networks, we believe in taking care of our people – both professionally and personally. We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to support the well-being, growth, and work-life balance of our employees. When you join our team, you can expect:Competitive Salary &amp; Incentives: We offer a competitive compensation package with and pre-IPO equity to reward your hard work and dedication.Health &amp; Wellness: Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance plans to ensure you and your family stay healthy and covered.Paid Time Off (PTO): Enjoy a generous PTO policy that includes vacation days, sick leave, and paid holidays to recharge and take care of personal matters.Flexible Work Environment: We understand the importance of work-life balance. Enjoy the flexibility of remote work, and hybrid option to create the work schedule that works best for you.Professional Development: We believe in continuous learning. Access to training, certifications, and educational resources to help you grow in your career and stay ahead of industry trends.Employee Recognition: We celebrate achievements both big and small, with regular recognition programs and awards that highlight your contributions to our collective success.Collaborative Culture: Be part of a dynamic, inclusive, and supportive team where innovation and collaboration are at the heart of everything we do.Parental Leave: Generous parental leave policies to support you during life's important moments.At Versa Networks, our benefits are designed to help you thrive both inside and outside the office. Join us and experience a rewarding, fulfilling career in a supportive environment that values your health, happiness, and success.Versa Networks is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314665129","title":"Head of Product Management (m/f/d)","company":"Körber","location":"Hamburg","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.koerber.com/pharma/job/Dublin-Head-of-Product-Management-%28mfd%29/1254534201/","description":"We are the leading software company delivering cutting-edge Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) tailored for the pharmaceutical industry. Our mission is to empower pharma manufacturers with intelligent, compliant, and scalable digital solutions that optimize production, ensure data integrity, and accelerate time-to-market.Your role in our teamAs the Head of Product Management, you will lead the strategic direction, development, and execution of our product portfolio, including but not limited to MES systems. You will be responsible for defining product vision, aligning cross-functional teams, and ensuring our solutions meet the evolving needs of pharmaceutical manufacturers while maintaining regulatory compliance (e.g., GxP, FDA 21 CFR Part 11, EU Annex 11).Your Key Responsibilities     Product Strategy &amp; VisionDefine and communicate a compelling product vision and roadmap aligned with company goals and market needs Identify emerging trends in pharma manufacturing and digital transformation to inform product innovation Leadership &amp; Team ManagementLead and mentor a team of product managers and analysts, ensuring that they can develop to their full potential. In addition, you will also plan staffing needs Be the central point of contact for resolving problems and challenges that are escalated by your teams Foster a culture of customer-centricity, innovation, and continuous improvement Market &amp; Customer InsightsEngage with customers, industry experts, and internal stakeholders to gather insights and validate product direction Analyze competitive landscape and market dynamics to identify opportunities and threats Product Development &amp; Lifecycle ManagementCollaborate with engineering, QA, design, and regulatory teams to deliver high-quality, compliant software solutions Oversee product lifecycle from ideation to sunset, ensuring alignment with business objectives Stakeholder CommunicationAct as the voice of the product in executive meetings, customer engagements, and industry events Ensure clear communication of product priorities, progress, and outcomes across the organization Your profileProven experience (8+ years) in product management, ideally in MES or enterprise software for regulated industries Deep understanding of pharmaceutical manufacturing processes and regulatory requirements Strong leadership and team-building skills Excellent communication with fluency in english, strategic thinking, and decision-making abilities Ability to translate complex technical concepts into clear business value Experience with Agile methodologies and product management tools (e.g., Jira, Aha!, Confluence) Familiarity with ISA-95, GAMP 5, and other industry standards Experience working with cloud-based MES platforms and integration with ERP/LIMS systems Familiar to work in a multicultural environment, with teams geographically distributed and in a matrixed environment Your BenefitsYou will work in an exciting and international environment with customers and colleagues from around the world We offer you individual long-term development opportunities in exciting and technically challenging projects in which you quickly take on responsibility You will gain expertise in state-of-the-art industry technologies We offer flexible working time models including home office Our benefits vary depending on the country of employment. Country-specific benefits will be discussed individually during the interview process.Apply now and join our team!Ready for your next step? Click on ‘Apply now’ to get started right away! As long as the position is advertised, you can apply at any time.We value diversity and therefore welcome all applicants - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic or social origin, religion/belief, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity, and any other protected status.If you have any questions or technical problems, please send us an e-mail to jobs@koerber.com. Joana Saraiva Nina is the responsible person for this job advertisement. We work with permanent partners and therefore ask recruitment consultants to refrain from contacting us by e-mail or telephone."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312711191","title":"Client Success Partner - Enterprise","company":"360Learning","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/360learning/45a216ca-b69f-4623-b3f9-25ceeb444704/apply?source=LinkedIn","description":"As a Client Success Partner (CSP) within the Enterprise team, you will support our largest clients in their digital training strategy through the 360Learning platform.Your mission is to build a strong relationship with the HR executives (CHRO, Chief Learning Officer &amp; Digital Learning Manager) of our clients to develop the usage, adoption &amp; impact of our solution.Given the complexity of Enterprise clients, you will act as a true facilitator to ensure the renewal of the clients by : coordinating the different 360Learning resources (technical, pedagogical,...) empowering the client with the Enterprise positioning and vision provided by our solutionUltimately, you will ensure the renewal or signing of new contracts for accounts listed in your portfolio.Within one month, you will:Master our product and Convexity corporate cultureFamiliarize yourself with the processes and tools used by our Client Success Partner (CSP) teamParticipate in your first customer meetings with other CSP’s from the teamWithin three months, you will:Take over a portfolio of existing customers, for the largest accounts (Enterprise accounts) at 360Learning Start new projects with prospects and clientsWithin six months you will:Define the learning transformation roadmap with the client and identify the resources needed to achieve themDefine a retro-planning of the initiatives on the solution and vouch for itIdentify and document customer use casesDevelop a relationship of trust between the client and 360Learning, particularly by having direct contact with Top Management teamsWork with the Account Managers to identify new project opportunities to develop the account (up-selling and cross-selling opportunities) Within twelve months, you will:Reduce churn by identifying customers at risk and implementing a remedial action planIdentify strong leaders &amp; advocates within the client’s teamDevelop and share good business practices with the entire Client Success teamThe Skills Set3+ years of experience as a Client Success Manager or HR/Learning/Change Management Consulting or Digital Learning ManagerAbility to lead complex and impactful projects in/for Enterprise accounts (more than 2000 employees)Proven knowledge of the SaaS B2B industry is a plusProven interest in the digital industry, education, and e-learning in particularExcellent interpersonal and communication skillsNative French, and excellent English proficiency (B2 minimum)What We OfferCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈Benefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parentBalance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝Corporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter 🌎🌏🌍Culture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L &amp; find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC 🚀👩🏻‍💻🏆The Interview ProcessPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition ManagerDiscovery Meeting with a Client Success Partner from our Enterprise teamCase Study with our Director of Customer Success and our Customer Success Entreprise CoachClarification Meeting with our Customer Success Operations ManagerCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Customer OfficerOffer !⇾ Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggCWho We Are360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning &amp; Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.Learning Includes Everyone.In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4313762297","title":"Learning Consultant","company":"360Learning","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/360learning/4c025e59-94c2-4941-868a-81663bf9eb12","description":"Our Learning Consultant team plays a vital role in helping clients transform into true Collaborative Learning organizations. We don’t just teach customers how to use our platform: we partner with them to reshape the way corporate learning is designed, delivered, and scaled.As a Learning Consultant, you’ll help customers maximize their collaborative learning platform through content strategy, adoption, and best practices. Partnering with Solution Deployment Managers during the onboarding, you’ll lead workshops and consulting projects. Beyond onboarding, you’ll guide solution add-ons to drive smooth launches, strong engagement, and lasting impact; empowering clients to build sustainable learning success.Your impact will be evaluated through customer satisfaction and feedback, achievement of project milestones and deadlines, and long-term client retention and adoption of our solutions.Within 1 month, you will:Complete our onboarding program and become proficient in the tools that drive our projects.(Trello, Salesforce, Monday.com) and our Convexity cultureGain a strong understanding of how the Business Team (Customer Success team and Professional Services team) collaborates to ensure customer successDeeply learn our product and service offerings, enabling you to speak confidently with customersConnect with colleagues worldwide through virtual coffee chats and team-building activitiesShadow ongoing projects to observe best practices and understand our consulting approachWithin 3 months, you will:Host your first customer workshops and receive constructive feedback from peers to sharpen your delivery skillsBegin managing your first implementation and consulting projects, taking ownership with the support of your coachDefine your quarterly priorities in alignment with the Professional Services Team’s objectivesContribute to our internal knowledge base in Confluence and Trello, sharing resources and insights that help the Learning Consultant (LC) team scale effectivelyWithin 6 months, you will:Take the lead on more complex workshops and consulting projects, demonstrating autonomy and expertisePrepare your first difficult or high-stakes workshops with Enterprise customersMaster advanced platform features and solutions to provide deeper value to customersParticipate in regular discovery sessions with Product Managers, sharing customer insights to shape future featuresSupport pre-sales activities for large prospects by showcasing the type of expert guidance LCs provideWithin 12 months, you will:Develop scripts, frameworks, and educational resources for new services delivered by the LC teamRepresent the team as a subject-matter expert by speaking at marketing webinars on digital learningMentor and onboard at least one new Learning Consultant, sharing your expertise to strengthen the teamThe Skill SetProven experience (3+ years) in managing learning &amp; development projects, leading client engagements, or a strong track record in client-facing roles within SaaS or customer successYou are recognized for your listening and teaching skillsYou express your ideas in a clear and concise manner, both in writing and orallyYou are proactive and prefer working in a strong results-oriented cultureYou are curious and have a strong appetite for digital tools and processesYou are fluent in French and English (US/UK) / B2 level or equivalent and comfortable switching between them in professional contextsProficiency in German is a significant advantageEnthusiasm for our working environment explained hereWhat We OfferCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈Benefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.Balance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝Corporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter 🌎🌏🌍Culture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision what's it like to join 360Learning through our onboarding journey: https://360learning.com/blog/360learner-journey/ &amp; Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L 🚀👩🏻 💻🏆The Interview ProcessPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition ManagerDiscovery Meeting with the LEC CoachCase Study Meeting with the LEC coach and a Learning ConsultantClarification Meeting with the Head of Professional ServicesCulture Fit Meeting with our Senior Vice President Global Professional ServicesOffer !⇾ Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggCWho We Are360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning &amp; Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.Learning Includes Everyone.In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4313758299","title":"Global Partner Marketing & Operations Manager","company":"360Learning","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/360learning/b4ccc314-709a-4d6c-a581-384526d532e2","description":"360Learning is looking for a Partner Marketing &amp; Operations Manager to architect and scale the next generation of our global partner ecosystem. This is a highly strategic role at the intersection of marketing, alliances, operations, and growth, ideal for someone who wants to build and own the engine behind one of the fastest-growing partner programs in SaaS.Your mission: turn our partner program into a world-class growth platform. You will design and orchestrate how we communicate, operate, and scale partnerships internally and externally. This means structuring clear, impactful enablement for our internal teams, while also building the marketing motions and engagement strategies that elevate our partners externally. You’ll harness AI agents, automation, and data to improve how we deliver partner intelligence, streamline collaboration, and amplify partner impact across the business.Reporting directly to the Director of EMEA Alliances and collaborating cross-functionally with Sales, Customer Success, Marketing, Product, and Finance, you’ll be the driving force behind how we structure, market, and shine our partner program. You will also be responsible for scaling a digital-first approach for our Tier 3 partners globally, and have the responsibility for the sourcing and influence growth metrics.Within 1 month, you willImmerse yourself in our partner ecosystem, understanding our GTM strategy, current partner motions, and the opportunities aheadAudit existing processes, documentation, and partner communications to identify quick wins and strategic prioritiesGet hands-on with our tech stack (Salesforce, Atlassian tools, Looker, Dust) and explore how AI and automation can elevate partner engagement and enablementBuild relationships across Sales, CS, Product, Marketing, and Finance to align on how partnerships can create impact across the businessGet familiar with our Convexity cultureWithin 3 months, you willOwn the narrative: Redesign our internal partner enablement hub (documentation, playbooks, GTM materials, and co-marketing resources) into a strategic asset for revenue teamsBuild scalable foundations: Define partner program rules of engagement, partner tiering, and system integrator collaboration models that make partnering with 360Learning intuitive and high-impactOperationalize value: Create and roll out a streamlined process for partnership referral fees, ensuring revenue impact is tracked, reported and optimizedIntelligence at scale: Deploy AI-powered tools and workflows to deliver real-time partner insights and automate internal communications, increasing productivity across the revenue orgLaunch an improved partner newsletter and communication cadence, backed by clear engagement metrics and feedback loopsWithin 6 months, you willScale operational excellence: Automate key workflows; from onboarding to content distribution to marketplace updates, making our partner program more efficient and more visibleDrive engagement: Launch targeted, data-driven marketing campaigns (high-touch and low-touch) that deepen partner collaboration and generate measurable pipeline influenceBe the source of truth: Build a comprehensive partner intelligence layer that helps internal teams act faster, sell smarter, and deliver greater valueShape GTM impact: Partner with Sales and Marketing leadership to design joint initiatives that expand partner-sourced pipeline and accelerate customer adoptionDemonstrate a measurable lift in partner engagement (via newsletter open/click rates, shared content, or co-marketing activity) and direct impact on sourcing.Launch a scalable digital-first approach to improve the scale and impact of our Tier 3 partnershipsWithin 12 months, you willBe recognized as a key partner to the Alliances team for partner enablement and marketing strategyLead small scale partner campaigns end-to-end with minimal supervisionContribute to the definition of the partner marketing roadmap and influence cross-functional strategyHave taken steps toward owning or influencing the partner operations function in (processes, enablement, tooling)Getting knowledge from Marketing and Ops current available info and processesThe Skill Set2-3 years of experience in partner marketing, marketing operations, or a related function (SaaS, consulting, or tech ecosystems preferred)Highly organized, detail-oriented, with a structured mindset around process, analysis, documentation and operationsHands-on familiarity or strong willingness to learn Salesforce and the Atlassian suite (Confluence, Jira, Trello, Salesforce), and demonstrated understanding and use of AI Agent tools to create efficiency is a bonusComfortable working with external partners and cross-functionally with Sales, Product, Customer Success, and MarketingSelf-starter, equally comfortable in operations/process enablement and creative partner marketing executionFluency in English and French; German is a plusEnthusiasm for our working environment explained hereWhat We OfferCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈Benefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.Balance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝Corporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter 🌎🌏🌍Culture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L &amp; find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC 🚀👩🏻 💻🏆The Interview ProcessPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition ManagerDiscovery Meeting with our Director of EMEA AlliancesCase Study Meeting with our Director of EMEA Alliances and an Operations ManagerClarification Meeting with our Senior Vice President AlliancesCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Revenue OfficerReference checksOffer !⇾ Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggCWho We Are360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning &amp; Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.Learning Includes Everyone.In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312085158","title":"Global Partner Marketing & Operations Manager","company":"360Learning","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/360learning/b4ccc314-709a-4d6c-a581-384526d532e2/apply?source=LinkedIn","description":"360Learning is looking for a Partner Marketing &amp; Operations Manager to architect and scale the next generation of our global partner ecosystem. This is a highly strategic role at the intersection of marketing, alliances, operations, and growth, ideal for someone who wants to build and own the engine behind one of the fastest-growing partner programs in SaaS.Your mission: turn our partner program into a world-class growth platform. You will design and orchestrate how we communicate, operate, and scale partnerships internally and externally. This means structuring clear, impactful enablement for our internal teams, while also building the marketing motions and engagement strategies that elevate our partners externally. You’ll harness AI agents, automation, and data to improve how we deliver partner intelligence, streamline collaboration, and amplify partner impact across the business.Reporting directly to the Director of EMEA Alliances and collaborating cross-functionally with Sales, Customer Success, Marketing, Product, and Finance, you’ll be the driving force behind how we structure, market, and shine our partner program. You will also be responsible for scaling a digital-first approach for our Tier 3 partners globally, and have the responsibility for the sourcing and influence growth metrics.Within 1 month, you willImmerse yourself in our partner ecosystem, understanding our GTM strategy, current partner motions, and the opportunities aheadAudit existing processes, documentation, and partner communications to identify quick wins and strategic prioritiesGet hands-on with our tech stack (Salesforce, Atlassian tools, Looker, Dust) and explore how AI and automation can elevate partner engagement and enablementBuild relationships across Sales, CS, Product, Marketing, and Finance to align on how partnerships can create impact across the businessGet familiar with our Convexity cultureWithin 3 months, you willOwn the narrative: Redesign our internal partner enablement hub (documentation, playbooks, GTM materials, and co-marketing resources) into a strategic asset for revenue teamsBuild scalable foundations: Define partner program rules of engagement, partner tiering, and system integrator collaboration models that make partnering with 360Learning intuitive and high-impactOperationalize value: Create and roll out a streamlined process for partnership referral fees, ensuring revenue impact is tracked, reported and optimizedIntelligence at scale: Deploy AI-powered tools and workflows to deliver real-time partner insights and automate internal communications, increasing productivity across the revenue orgLaunch an improved partner newsletter and communication cadence, backed by clear engagement metrics and feedback loopsWithin 6 months, you willScale operational excellence: Automate key workflows; from onboarding to content distribution to marketplace updates, making our partner program more efficient and more visibleDrive engagement: Launch targeted, data-driven marketing campaigns (high-touch and low-touch) that deepen partner collaboration and generate measurable pipeline influenceBe the source of truth: Build a comprehensive partner intelligence layer that helps internal teams act faster, sell smarter, and deliver greater valueShape GTM impact: Partner with Sales and Marketing leadership to design joint initiatives that expand partner-sourced pipeline and accelerate customer adoptionDemonstrate a measurable lift in partner engagement (via newsletter open/click rates, shared content, or co-marketing activity) and direct impact on sourcing. Launch a scalable digital-first approach to improve the scale and impact of our Tier 3 partnershipsWithin 12 months, you willBe recognized as a key partner to the Alliances team for partner enablement and marketing strategyLead small scale partner campaigns end-to-end with minimal supervisionContribute to the definition of the partner marketing roadmap and influence cross-functional strategyHave taken steps toward owning or influencing the partner operations function in (processes, enablement, tooling)Getting knowledge from Marketing and Ops current available info and processesThe Skill Set2-3 years of experience in partner marketing, marketing operations, or a related function (SaaS, consulting, or tech ecosystems preferred)Highly organized, detail-oriented, with a structured mindset around process, analysis, documentation and operationsHands-on familiarity or strong willingness to learn Salesforce and the Atlassian suite (Confluence, Jira, Trello, Salesforce), and demonstrated understanding and use of AI Agent tools to create efficiency is a bonusComfortable working with external partners and cross-functionally with Sales, Product, Customer Success, and MarketingSelf-starter, equally comfortable in operations/process enablement and creative partner marketing executionFluency in English and French; German is a plusEnthusiasm for our working environment explained here What We OfferCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈Benefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent. Balance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝Corporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter 🌎🌏🌍Culture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L &amp; find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC 🚀👩🏻‍💻🏆The Interview ProcessPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition ManagerDiscovery Meeting with our Director of EMEA Alliances Case Study Meeting with our Director of EMEA Alliances and an Operations ManagerClarification Meeting with our Senior Vice President AlliancesCulture Fit Meeting with our Chief Revenue Officer Reference checksOffer !⇾ Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggCWho We Are360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning &amp; Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.Learning Includes Everyone.In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4310213941","title":"Strategic Customer Success Partner Coach - France","company":"360Learning","location":"New York","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/360learning/c737ad75-e4cb-430b-8a5c-c2042ef6e1ff/apply?source=LinkedIn","description":"As a Client Success Partner Coach (or CSP Coach), you will own the most critical customers in France and support, mentor and guide the CSPs that manage them.The Client Success Partners are guiding the learning and development strategies of our customers through the 360Learning platform. They develop a strong relationship with each client and make sure our customers are satisfied, our contracts are renewed and the churn is reduced. As a Coach, your role is fundamental for the team: you are responsible for the development of every team member and the achievement of renewal and expansion of clients, for the largest accounts in the French market.Within 1 month, you will:Have started the new coach onboarding programHave defined your routine with each team memberHave reviewed all the customer situations in the current portfolioHave familiarized yourself with the product, industry, and the internal tools designed for customer management Within 3 months, you will:Establish yourself as the point of escalation on your team’s accounts Define initiatives to fill any identified gaps in your team and with customersReport on risk, detailed product needs, retention, expansion and customer performance metrics as well as run a warning meetingDeliver the first quarterly performance review for your direct reportsHave completed the onboarding program for a new coach Have defined the OKRs for the next quarter Have defined a routine for working with the AMs / the product / the alliances / CS OpsBe autonomous on the account reviewsHave introduced yourself as a sponsor on the top 20 customers in the portfolio Within 6 months you will:Talk regularly with Decision Makers / HRs or L&amp;D DirectorsIdentify expansion with the AE on your team’s book of businessLead customer experience meetings to showcase how your customers are leveraging collaborative learning Identify and nurture customer advocates to produce influenced salesDefine a reliable forecast Have defined a vision/roadmap for the next 12 months Have carried out your first performance reviews as a coach Have identified your customer ambassadors Depending on the context, you will also hire new teammates and ensure their successful onboarding in your teamWithin 12 months, you will:Be a go to resource on the most sophisticated usage of the platform from our most demanding French customers Define an annual roadmap for French strategic customer market, understanding competitors and opportunities for 360 LearningWork with teammates on their self career developmentParticipate in growing the CSP team with external learningsDefine career plans for each member of your team Make sure your team's CSPs will reach their targets Be able to improve the support offered to our customers The Skill SetAt least 10 years of extensive experience in Customer Success and 5 years in a Manager positionAbility to find the middle ground between the product, learning and development strategy and champion collaborative learning to drive the French strategic business forwardUnderstanding of French enterprise market dynamics (corporate culture, L&amp;D trends, procurement)Strong negotiation and stakeholder management skills (C-level execs, HR/L&amp;D leaders)Data-driven decision making (analyzing churn, adoption, and success metrics)Coaching and mentoring skills (developing junior/mid-level client success managers)Performance management &amp; career development planningFluent English (US/UK) / B2 level or equivalent (FR)Successful experience as a CSP (having achieved objectives over the last 18 months) Ability to conduct meetings with CEOs, Directors or COMEX members at a customer site Experienced in managing complex customer situationsAbility to intervene in the pre-sales phase to promote and advise on the support required by the prospectAbility to rely on the right people internally to move a project forward or manage a conflict Excellent interpersonal skillsEnthusiasm for our working environment explained here: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L What We OfferCompensation: Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈Benefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent. Balance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝Corporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: 360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter 🌎🌏🌍Culture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L &amp; find out more about the teams, product and processes https://bit.ly/42H1ggC 🚀👩🏻‍💻🏆Interview ProcessPhone Screen with our Talent Acquisition ManagerDiscovery Meeting with our Marie ValenzaCase study with our Chief Customer Officer and our Senior Director Customer SuccessMeeting with our VP Sales EnterpriseCulture Fit Meeting with our CEOMeet &amp; greet with the CS teamOffer !⇾ Get ready using our Knowledge Base: https://bit.ly/42H1ggCWho We Are360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning &amp; Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.Learning Includes Everyone.In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. We want to learn from and with you!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4280410395","title":"Strategy Associate/Director","company":"BTSE","location":"Victoria","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/BTSE/5565098f-6411-426f-b938-79b5285293f8/?source=LinkedIn&lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"About BTSEBTSE Group is a global leader in fintech and blockchain technology, anchored by three core business pillars: Exchange, Payments, and Infrastructure Development. Serving over 100 corporate clients worldwide, we provide white-label exchange and payment solutions. Our offerings encompass everything from exchange infrastructure hosting and development to custody, wallets, payments, blockchain integration, trading, andmore. We are looking for talented professionals in marketing, operations, customer support,and other departments. The roles offered may be on-site, remote, or hybrid, incollaboration with our local partner.About The OpportunityBTSE is seeking a strategic leader to report directly to the Chief Strategy Officer. This senior position will own high-priority, cross-functional projects – beginning with the development and scaling of our API broker business – and will evolve to lead other strategic growth areas as the company expands. As the company grows, this role offers the opportunity to take full ownership of emerging or existing business lines. You will help shape strategic direction, lead new initiatives end-to-end, and assume greater responsibility based on performance and organisational priorities.ResponsibilitiesCompany-Wide Strategic Initiatives: Lead cross-functional strategic projects from conception through to execution. Assess emerging business lines and devise strategies for market entry, competitive positioning, and growth. Work closely with the CSO and other senior leaders to shape and execute top-level strategic initiatives. API Broker Business Leadership: Define and implement the expansion strategy for the API broker programme. Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to align API offerings with market demand. Establish frameworks with the Data Team to monitor API client performance and refine the value proposition. Cultivate key relationships with high-value API clients and broker partners.RequirementsProven success in independently delivering new business lines and initiatives. In-depth understanding of API-based trading workflows. Strong ability to collaborate with, develop, and guide multiple teams towards shared objectives. Comfortable with ambiguity and possesses a builder mindset – the role is expected to evolve with company needs and individual strengths. Highly self-motivated and capable of operating autonomously.Perks &amp; BenefitsCompetitive total compensation package.Various team-building programs and company events.And many more! Apply and let us tell you more!We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4118951949","title":"Customer Business Executive","company":"Cognite","location":"Tempe","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/cognite/b66ce6a5-0ddf-48ed-8701-dc9f6c2d406e/apply?source=LinkedIn","description":"About CogniteEmbark on a transformative journey with Cognite, a global SaaS forerunner in leveraging AI and data to unravel complex business challenges through our cutting-edge offerings including Cognite Atlas AI, an industrial agent workbench, and the Cognite Data Fusion (CDF) platform. We were awarded the 2022 Technology Innovation Leader for Global Digital Industrial Platforms &amp; Cognite was recognized as 2024 Microsoft Energy and Resources Partner of the Year . In the realm of industrial digital transformation, we stand at the forefront, reshaping the future of Oil &amp; Gas, Chemicals, Pharma and other Manufacturing and Energy sectors. Join us in this venture where Ai and data meet ingenuity, and together, we forge the path to a smarter, more connected industrial future.Learn More About Cognite HereCognite Product Tour 2024Cognite Product Tour 2023Data Contextualization Masterclass 2023Our valuesImpact: Cogniters strive to make an impact in all that they do. We are result-oriented, always asking ourselves.Ownership: Cogniters embrace a culture of ownership. We go beyond our comfort zones to contribute to the greater good, fostering inclusivity and sharing responsibilities for challenges and success.Relentless: Cogniters are relentless in their pursuit of innovation. We are determined and deliverable (never ruthless or reckless), facing challenges head-on and viewing setbacks as opportunities for growth.About The Role And The TeamOne of the teams seeing the most transformation is our Customer Business Executive (CBE) team, which partners with our customers to build relationships, learn about their businesses, and drive value based on our customers’ desired outcomes. We’re looking for new team members to join our team as a CBE.The CBE acts as the primary customer advocate throughout the post-sale lifecycle by driving customer retention, expansion, and satisfaction. The CBE is responsible for helping our new customers realize the value of our products, including the execution of their customer success plan, the achievement of their business goals, and the adoption of our product to drive greater ROI and satisfaction.You will be role &amp; responsible forDevelop trusted advisor relationships with key stakeholdersOwn relationships with executive sponsors, budget owners, and decision-makers Understand the customer's values, goals, and vision and collaborate with the Cognite Global Value team in developing value roadmaps and customer success plans, charting a path to the customer’s desired outcome with Cognite software, leveraging a comprehensive understanding of Cognite's productsDrive adoption and usage through training, evangelism, and aligning the solution with customer business goalsDrive customer engagement utilizing “one-to-many” channels such as Cognite Hub, newsletters, webinars, and eventsIdentify and execute new use cases and expansion opportunities to additional customer sitesContribute to customer’s success, focusing your expertise on assigned stages of the customer journeyIdentify, nurture, and close upsell/cross-sell opportunities to expand customer lifetime valueDemonstrate value and lead renewal discussions to ensure customer retention and long-term partnerships, including negotiating and securing renewals for your assigned accountsCollaborate with Account Executive (Sales) and Delivery Manager for customer introductions and relationship hand-offsCultivate customer champions and collaborate with Marketing to build case studies.Leverage testimonials and case studies to promote brand awareness and drive new business. Build referenceability.Support Account Executives in closing new deals by sharing customer success storiesPartner with Sales Enablement to create customized materials for value tracking Engage with relevant partners to your portfolio of accounts into Cognite's customer reference programDeveloping an account strategy and maintaining an internal account plan to align Cognite cross-functionally around the account plans and needsManage pipeline and forecast on assigned territories and carry expansion and renewal quotas according for that territory Communicate the product roadmap to customers, tailoring the presentation to the customer’s needs.Serve as the “voice of the customer” to both product management and customer community management.Facilitate and promote interaction between Cognite product programs and customer end usersEnsure customer engagement with newsletters, webinars, and eventsDrive customer enablement through projects, Academy, Community, Support, and solution supportIdentifying and assessing renewal risks for customers’ license subscriptions and collaborating with internal teams to mitigate risksAssist with high-severity requests or issue escalations as neededProactively monitor customer metrics (e.g., product usage (MAU and DAU), Net Promoter Score (NPS), customer value, churn rate) to identify at-risk accounts and take proactive measures to maintain and improve customer health. We believe these experiences and skills will make this role successful at CogniteTo meet the demands of this role, you should have:At least a bachelor’s degree in a relevant subject or work experience for the role;5-10 years of experience leading customer engagements as an account manager, customer success manager, or related roleA rich understanding of customer success methodologies and practices, including (but not limited to) segmentation, customer journey, and customer health scoring; Commercial experience in renewals and/or upselling relevant enterprise B2B software; Confidence when running executive business reviews and engaging with C-level sponsorsStrong writing, presentation, and communication skills, including chairing meetings or hosting webinars.A proven track record in your industry and a strong network in your dedicated verticalKnowledge of the heavy asset industry, such as oil and gas, power and utilities, or manufacturingKey Performance Indicators For The RoleIncluded but not limited to:LeadingNumber of Customer Success Qualified Leads (CSQL)Accounts with Value RoadmapAccount Reviews and Account PlansExecutive Business Reviews deliveredPipeline coverageNumber of public references (paper, Article, Webinar, Conference presentation, etc)Active users on one-to-many channels for assigned portfolios (Cognite Academy, Cognite HUB)LaggingNet Dollar retention for the portfolioDollar churn for the portfolioMonthly Active UsersSkills That Will Help You Stand OutExperience with data contextualization technology and software as a service (SaaS);MEDDPICC and Command the Message experienceCRM experience (SalesForce and Gainsight, preferred)A proven track record of turning red accounts green through a white-glove approach and partnership with customer stakeholders;Experience working at a high-growth scale-up organization;Demonstrated experience in engaging with teams across corporate functions;A self-sufficient character able to meet deadlines and manage changing priorities;An ability to thrive with limited structure;A results-oriented individual who thrives working in a fast-paced environment and maintains a calm approach when operating under pressure andSpeak a language other than English with business fluency. A snapshot of our many perks and benefits as a Cogniter  Join an organization of 70 different nationalities 🌐 with Diversity, Equality and Inclusion (DEI) in focus 🤝 A highly modern and fun working environment with sublime culture across the organization, follow us on Instagram @ cognitedata 📷 to know more Flat structure with direct access to decision-makers, with minimal amount of bureaucracy Opportunity to work with and learn from some of the best people on some of the most ambitious projects found anywhere, across industries Join our HUB 🗣️ to be part of the conversation directly with Cogniters and our partners. Why choose Cognite? 🏆 🚀 Join us in making a real and lasting impact in one of the most exciting and fastest-growing new software companies in the world. We have repeatedly demonstrated that digital transformation, when anchored on strong DataOps, drives business value and sustainability for clients and allows front-line workers, as well as domain experts, to make better decisions every single day. We were recognized as one of CNBC's top global enterprise technology startups powering digital transformation ! And just recently, Frost &amp; Sullivan named Cognite a Technology Innovation Leader ! 🥇 Most recently Cognite Data Fusion® Achieved Industry First DNV Compliance for Digital Twins 🥇Apply today!If you're excited about the opportunity to work at Cognite and make a difference in the tech industry, we encourage you to apply today! We welcome candidates of all backgrounds and identities to join our team. Please do not hesitate to contact our Talent Acquisition team with any questions -We encourage you to follow us on Cognite LinkedIn ; we post all our openings there.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4281301702","title":"Technical Account Manager","company":"Cognite","location":"Tempe","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/cognite/e6a0c7a7-3cd8-42e3-856e-faed6bf95803/apply?source=LinkedIn","description":"About CogniteEmbark on a transformative journey with Cognite, a global SaaS forerunner in leveraging AI and data to unravel complex business challenges through our cutting-edge offerings including Cognite Atlas AI, an industrial agent workbench, and the Cognite Data Fusion (CDF) platform. We were awarded the 2022 Technology Innovation Leader for Global Digital Industrial Platforms &amp; Cognite was recognized as 2024 Microsoft Energy and Resources Partner of the Year . In the realm of industrial digital transformation, we stand at the forefront, reshaping the future of Oil &amp; Gas, Chemicals, Pharma and other Manufacturing and Energy sectors. Join us in this venture where Ai and data meet ingenuity, and together, we forge the path to a smarter, more connected industrial future.Learn More About Cognite HereCognite Product Tour 2024Cognite Product Tour 2023Data Contextualization Masterclass 2023Our valuesImpact: Cogniters strive to make an impact in all that they do. We are result-oriented, always asking ourselves.Ownership: Cogniters embrace a culture of ownership. We go beyond our comfort zones to contribute to the greater good, fostering inclusivity and sharing responsibilities for challenges and success.Relentless: Cogniters are relentless in their pursuit of innovation. We are determined and deliverable (never ruthless or reckless), facing challenges head-on and viewing setbacks as opportunities for growth.Cognite Global Strategic ServicesServices is the Scaling Engine of Cognite. TAMs are a key lever in that engine.OverviewAt Cognite, Technical Account Managers (TAMs) are trusted advisors responsible for helping strategic customers realize tangible value from Cognite Data Fusion (CDF) and accelerate scalable outcomes. They play a central role in delivering on our Scaling Engine ethos; collaborating across Services, Product, Engineering, and Account Teams to ensure our technology is deployed with excellence, adopted with purpose, and expanded with value.TAMs lead the technical relationship across the customer lifecycle: from validating architectural decisions during pre-sales, to supporting deployment and operationalization post-First Value, and ultimately co-owning technical alignment for expansion and renewal. They are also essential in enabling our partner ecosystem, ensuring solution integrity, and elevating the Cognite experience through feedback loops to Product and Customer Enablement.What You'll DoArchitect with Impact: Work with central customer IT teams to align on a target architecture for CDF across their enterprise and ensure fit within their ecosystem.Collaborate Across Pre-Sales and Field Engineering: Partner with Field Engineering and Solution Architects during pre-sales to ensure technical continuity into deployment. TAMs provide customer context and future-state alignment to help accelerate early value realization and ensure a strong post-sale handover.Deploy with Confidence: Guide secure solution deployments (IAM, networking, data pipelines), ensuring alignment with Cognite best practices and supportable design.Drive Value Realization: Partner with Customer Success, Services Delivery, and Value Engineering to align architecture and use case roadmap with customer business goals.Support Scalable Adoption: Co-develop adoption programs, facilitate end-user feedback loops, and support Enablement in scaling best practices across accounts.Identify and Surface Expansion Opportunities: Act as a trusted advisor who understands the customer's evolving needs and business priorities. While not responsible for direct sales, TAMs play a critical role in identifying new use cases and scaling opportunities that Customer Business Executives (CBEs) can engage on commercially.Catalyze Expansion: Provide technical insight to Account Management and CBEs to accelerate and de-risk expansion and renewal opportunities.Activate Partners: Collaborate with Solution Partners and validate technical quality of partner-delivered solutions for your assigned accounts.Close the Feedback Loop: Be the voice of the customer to Product and Engineering; especially around product limitations, roadmap priorities, and repeatability.Champion Cognite Culture: Model curiosity, empathy, and speed in cross-functional collaboration to bring out the best in our teams and our customers.Who You AreBachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, Information Systems, Technology or related field. Masters preferred.5–12+ years of experience (TAM / Director level) in roles such as solution architect, data engineer, software developer, or enterprise architect.Exposure to and experience from the heavy asset industry related to Oil &amp; Gas, petrochemicals or energy is requiredDeep technical understanding of enterprise integration patterns, cloud architecture, data platforms, identity management, and networking security.Hands-on experience with tools like Git, CI/CD pipelines, deployment automation, and DevOps workflows.Strong familiarity with industrial source systems, time-series data, OT/IT integration; especially in O&amp;G, Manufacturing, or Power &amp; Utilities, preferred.Demonstrated ability to engage and coach technical stakeholders across seniority levels with credibility and clarity.Experience facilitating technical workshops, co-design sessions, and escalation management with enterprise customers.Comfortable operating in matrixed, fast-moving SaaS environments where shared success and trust are key currencies.Traits That Will Help You Be SuccessfulYou are structured, detailed, and value operational excellence.You embrace a DevOps mindset and believe in scalable, supportable design.You take initiative and follow through on commitments.You believe in shared success and bring positive energy to collaboration.You are passionate about Cognite’s mission — and want to be part of a team that’s building something bold.You want to have fun while delivering world-class outcomes. A snapshot of our many perks and benefits as a Cogniter  Join an organization of 70 different nationalities 🌐 with Diversity, Equality and Inclusion (DEI) in focus 🤝 A highly modern and fun working environment with sublime culture across the organization, follow us on Instagram @ cognitedata 📷 to know more Flat structure with direct access to decision-makers, with minimal amount of bureaucracy Opportunity to work with and learn from some of the best people on some of the most ambitious projects found anywhere, across industries Join our HUB 🗣️ to be part of the conversation directly with Cogniters and our partners. Why choose Cognite? 🏆 🚀 Join us in making a real and lasting impact in one of the most exciting and fastest-growing new software companies in the world. We have repeatedly demonstrated that digital transformation, when anchored on strong DataOps, drives business value and sustainability for clients and allows front-line workers, as well as domain experts, to make better decisions every single day. We were recognized as one of CNBC's top global enterprise technology startups powering digital transformation ! And just recently, Frost &amp; Sullivan named Cognite a Technology Innovation Leader ! 🥇 Most recently Cognite Data Fusion® Achieved Industry First DNV Compliance for Digital Twins 🥇Apply today!If you're excited about the opportunity to work at Cognite and make a difference in the tech industry, we encourage you to apply today! We welcome candidates of all backgrounds and identities to join our team. Please do not hesitate to contact our Talent Acquisition team with any questions -We encourage you to follow us on Cognite LinkedIn ; we post all our openings there.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4263474200","title":"Enterprise Account Executive","company":"Picus Security","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/picus/37ab35e7-c8ef-4082-a223-aa0c12e458d1?lever-origin=applied&lever-source%5B%5D=Linkedin%20Recruiter%20Jobs","description":"Enterprise Account Executive, Picus Security, Saudi Arabia We are looking for a purpose driven, high-performing Enterprise Account Executive with experience in enterprise technology sales. You will be passionate about building good relationships with customers, solving customer problems and driving sales of our world-class software products.In this role, you will be working with high-profile clients where you will become a subject matter expert through the entire sales process. You will have responsibility for Picus’ value proposition with your customers and partners, managing strategic and tactical governance, cooperating closely with your customers and partners to improve and optimise current business as well as identifying and prioritizing new opportunities.What You'll DoWork as part of a passionate, purpose driven, high performance sales team who love what they do and thrive on achieving success within a great work environmentGenerate new business opportunities through both pre-qualified meetings, problem-solving and your own prospectingWork closely with partners to create joint plans, generate pipeline and drive opportunities to closureDrive business growth and expansion by developing and executing a business plan to attain predetermined goals and quotasRemain in regular contact with your prospects through active listening and effective discovery processes, develop a deep understanding of customer’s businesses, helping to diagnose their compensation pain-points and prescribe our available solutionsCollaborate with internal teams, including, Pre-Sales, Product, Marketing, Support, Customer Success to deliver the sales plan and Picus visionManage your opportunity pipeline and revenue forecast by leveraging our CRM systemWork with with solution providers such as resellers, service providers and integratorsContinuous curiosity! Stay current with industry changes and trends to build expertise in cybersecurityWhat You HaveProven experience as an Enterprise Account Executive managing complex sales processes in a highly consultative sales environment, preferably within the SaaS industryAt least 5+ years experience working in CybersecurityCustomer orientation; skills in understanding customer’s needs and priorities. Eager to help people reach their goals while also confident enough to challenge when requiredGrowth mindset and business acumen; willingness to learn about the ever-changing world of cyber securityExcellent communication and presentation skills with the ability to build relationshipsEnthusiasm, confidence, self-motivation and passionOrganizational and time-management skillsApply analytical, data-driven approach and strategic thinking, finding unique ways to executing your planAdvanced level of English - written and verbal skillsHigh level of integrity and strong commitment to building a successful companyWorking at PicusFascinating work - a chance to shape and lead an exciting, fast-growing cyber security segment. Security Validation is a concept that helps organizations evaluate their security posture in a continuous, automated, and repeatable way. This approach allows for the identification of imminent threats, provides recommended actions, and produces valuable metrics about cyber-risk levels.Unlimited opportunity!We are growing. At Picus, you'll be provided with as much responsibility as you can handle - new career development opportunities constantly arise given our rate of growth.Global exposure - Get a lot of experience working not only in a fast-growing startup but also interact with customers all around the worldBe part of a global remote team who is taking on Exposure Validation and a growing market segment"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4275335856","title":"Senior Product Manager","company":"Pigment","location":"Paris","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pigment/270ef023-99ec-48c7-8b90-c638600aefef","description":"Join Pigment: The AI Platform Redefining Business PlanningPigment is the AI-powered business planning and performance management platform built for agility and scale. We connect people, data, and processes in one intuitive, feature-rich solution, empowering every team—from Finance to HR—to build, adapt, and align strategic plans in real time.Founded in 2019, Pigment is one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies globally. Industry leaders like Unilever, Snowflake, Siemens, and DPD use Pigment daily to make more informed decisions and confidently navigate any scenario.With a team of 500+ across Paris, London, New York, San Francisco, and Toronto, we've raised nearly $400M from top-tier investors and were named a Visionary in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Planning Software.At Pigment, we take smart risks, celebrate bold ideas, and challenge the status quo—all while working as one team. If you're driven by innovation and ready to make an impact at scale, we’d love to hear from you.What you'll doDepending on your profile, preferences, and the team priorities:- Pitch our product to existing and new customers and collect their feedback through workshops, design sessions, UX research and discovery, together with other PMs and Designers- Build the product vision and roadmap in close collaboration with Engineering, Customer Success, Marketing and Sales; secure the flows of communication between those teams so that everyone has the necessary support and information for customer communication and day to day prioritization- Proactively monitor the market and the competition offer, develop, document and share a solid understanding that fuels our product vision, strategy and choices- Act as a project lead or as a product owner depending on the nature of the projects, whether functional or more technical ones, in order to implement world-class applications with the minimum time to market and appropriate tactics to roll-out- Participate to continuous improvements of the quality of the product and our delivery processes, help stakeholder teams grow and scale with maximum efficiencyWho you are- A background in SaaS B2B or Finance is expected- You are passionate, result- and customer-oriented- Your experience demonstrates a close affinity with product management, product marketing, sales engineering and project management practices, and you are willing to spread that culture- You have strong analytics skills and you are at ease with modeling data- You are a great team player skilled at aligning multiple stakeholders- You are proactive, curious, autonomous and organized- You have the minimum technical background required to interact with engineers- You have a flawless communication, oral and written forms- Prior experience as a PM in SaaS B2B or FinanceWhat we offer- Competitive package- Equity- Healthcare: Alan Blue for you and your family- Brand new offices in the heart of Paris- Remote-friendly policy"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312358143","title":"Intermediate Research and Development Specialist","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/05bcd62a-5399-4cde-b630-bc53c4b27bee/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Multiple LocationsRequired Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Life Sciences, or related technical discipline.Required Experience: 3-5 years of experience in R&amp;D, innovation, or applied research roles.Position Description:PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experienced Intermediate Research and Development Specialist supports the design, development, and evaluation of innovative technologies, processes, and solutions. Building on foundational experience, this role involves conducting applied research, prototyping, and testing to advance organizational objectives. The Intermediate R&amp;D Specialist works under the guidance of senior subject matter experts while contributing technical expertise, creativity, and problem-solving skills to research initiatives.Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Lead the identification, evaluation, and development of new technologies, products, or processes Stay at the forefront of industry trends, scientific advancements, and competitive technologies Apply deep technical expertise to solve complex challenges and create innovative solutions Design, prototype, and validate R&amp;D concepts through modeling, simulation, experimentation, or proof-of-concept builds Conduct feasibility studies, cost-benefit analyses, and risk assessments for new initiatives Serve as the subject matter expert for assigned technical domains Prepare and publish research findings, reports, and technical documentation Ensure R&amp;D projects adhere to organizational, regulatory, and ethical standards Participate in intellectual property development, including patents and technology disclosures Expertise in one or more relevant technical domains (e.g., software engineering, materials science, biotechnology, data science, advanced manufacturing) Experience with prototyping, modeling/simulation, and experimental design Knowledge of technology transfer, commercialization, or systems integration Familiarity with project management methodologies (Agile, Stage-Gate, etc.)Required Qualifications DoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications Master’s. in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Life Sciences, or related technicalAbout PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cyber security, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and SBA HUBZone Certified with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312357129","title":"Senior System Engineer","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/0b907b48-ea39-4c76-b93b-6fff52ae39aa/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Multiple LocationsRequired Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Systems, or a related field.Required Experience: Minimum of 10 years of experience in planning, managing, and directing complex IT projects and operations of similar size and scope.Position Description: PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experienced Senior Systems Engineer to be responsible for the design, implementation, integration, and maintenance of complex IT systems to support organizational objectives. This role requires advanced technical expertise, strong problem-solving skills, and the ability to lead projects and mentor junior engineers. The Senior Systems Engineer ensures system reliability, scalability, security, and performance while aligning with business and mission requirements.Primary Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Develop, design, and implement enterprise-level systems, networks, and infrastructure solutions Evaluate system requirements and translate them into technical solutions Ensure scalability, security, and performance of system designs Install, configure, and integrate operating systems, applications, and system tools Coordinate system upgrades, migrations, and deployments with minimal downtime Automate processes and workflows to improve efficiency and reduce risk Monitor system performance, availability, and capacity Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues across environments Ensure systems comply with security standards, policies, and best practices Work with cross-functional teams including software engineers, network engineers, cybersecurity, and project managers Provide technical leadership, guidance, and mentorship to junior engineers and staff Lead system-related projects from requirements gathering to delivery Create and maintain system documentation, diagrams, and runbooks Ensure compliance with industry regulations, cybersecurity standards, and organizational policies Participate in audits, risk assessments, and disaster recovery planningRequired Qualifications DoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications Master’s DegreeAbout PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cybersecurity, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms, and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312351245","title":"Research and Development Specialist SME","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/4cbe6637-30db-428a-95d9-07a987be5793/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Multiple LocationsRequired Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Life Sciences, or related technical discipline.Required Experience: 10+ years of experience in R&amp;D, innovation, or applied research roles.Position Description: PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experienced Research and Development Specialist SME provides expert-level knowledge, leadership, and technical guidance in the planning, execution, and advancement of research and development initiatives. This role is responsible for identifying emerging technologies, designing and testing innovative solutions, and supporting the transition of concepts into operational or commercial applications. As a subject matter expert, the R&amp;D Specialist advises leadership, mentors project teams, and ensures R&amp;D activities align with organizational strategy and mission requirements.Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Lead the identification, evaluation, and development of new technologies, products, or processes Stay at the forefront of industry trends, scientific advancements, and competitive technologies Apply deep technical expertise to solve complex challenges and create innovative solutions Design, prototype, and validate R&amp;D concepts through modeling, simulation, experimentation, or proof-of-concept builds Conduct feasibility studies, cost-benefit analyses, and risk assessments for new initiatives Serve as the subject matter expert for assigned technical domains Prepare and publish research findings, reports, and technical documentation Ensure R&amp;D projects adhere to organizational, regulatory, and ethical standards Participate in intellectual property development, including patents and technology disclosures Expertise in one or more relevant technical domains (e.g., software engineering, materials science, biotechnology, data science, advanced manufacturing) Experience with prototyping, modeling/simulation, and experimental design Knowledge of technology transfer, commercialization, or systems integration Familiarity with project management methodologies (Agile, Stage-Gate, etc.)Required Qualifications DoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications Master’s. in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Life Sciences, or related technical disciplineAbout PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cyber security, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and SBA HUBZone Certified with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312348381","title":"Senior Software Test and Evaluation Specialist","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/6d21ac43-db11-426e-ad51-827f0d1e60e8/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Multiple LocationsRequired Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, or related fieldRequired Experience: 10+ years of experience in software testing, quality assurance, or evaluation.Position Description: PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experience Senior Software Test and Evaluation Specialist who leads the planning, execution, and reporting of test and evaluation activities for complex software systems and applications. This role ensures that software products meet performance, reliability, security, and compliance requirements through rigorous testing practices. The Senior Specialist develops test strategies, manages evaluation processes, mentors junior testers, and collaborates with development, DevOps, and quality assurance teams to ensure delivery of high-quality solutions.Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Develop and manage comprehensive test plans, test cases, and evaluation strategies for software systems Define testing objectives, success criteria, and evaluation methodologies Ensure alignment of testing activities with program requirements and industry standards Lead the execution of functional, performance, regression, integration, and user acceptance testing Perform automated and manual testing as appropriate Document, analyze, and report test results, identifying defects, risks, and areas for improvement Ensure adherence to software quality assurance standards, best practices, and compliance frameworks Validate that security, interoperability, and performance requirements are met Support continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines by embedding automated testing Expertise with testing methodologies, tools, and frameworks (e.g., Selenium, JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber, Postman) Strong understanding of CI/CD pipelines and automated testing integration Familiarity with defect tracking systems (e.g., JIRA, Azure DevOps, Bugzilla) Experience with performance and load testing tools (e.g., JMeter, LoadRunner) Knowledge of cybersecurity testing, secure coding standards, and vulnerability assessment Understanding of system integration testing, interoperability, and requirements validationRequired Qualifications DoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications (Master’s preferred) Proven track record of leading test and evaluation activities for enterprise or mission-critical systemsAbout PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cyber security, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and SBA HUBZone Certified with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312346639","title":"Senior Software Developer","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/74eb85e0-eafe-4ffc-8981-c70cdf55d021/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Multiple LocationsRequired Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Systems, or a related field.Required Experience: Minimum of 8 years of professional software development experience.Position Description:PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experienced Senior Software Developer responsible for designing, developing, testing, and maintaining high-quality software applications. This role requires advanced programming expertise, leadership in technical problem-solving, and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams. The Senior Software Developer provides mentorship to junior developers, contributes to software architecture decisions, and ensures that solutions are scalable, secure, and aligned with business or mission requirements.Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Develop, test, and maintain software applications in alignment with organizational needs Translate business and technical requirements into scalable and efficient software solutions Apply secure coding standards and industry best practices throughout the development lifecycle Provide technical guidance, code reviews, and mentorship to junior and mid-level developers Lead development efforts on complex projects and ensure adherence to coding and quality standards Collaborate with architects and project managers to shape technical direction Participate in Agile/Scrum ceremonies, contributing to sprint planning, backlog refinement, and daily stand-ups Partner with QA, DevOps, and systems engineering teams to deliver reliable and maintainable solutions Contribute to continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) processes and DevOps pipelines Integrate software components and third-party applications into existing systems Optimize applications for performance, scalability, and maintainability Troubleshoot and resolve complex software defects and performance issues Write and maintain comprehensive technical documentation, including design specifications, API documentation, and user guides Ensure compliance with security requirements, data protection policies, and coding standards Support audits, testing, and certification efforts when requiredRequired Qualifications DoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Proven track record of leading development efforts on enterprise or mission-critical applicationsAbout PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cybersecurity, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms, and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312356149","title":"Senior Software/Cloud Architect","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/7674e97f-631e-4708-a2c3-a48825084712/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Required Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fieldRequired Experience: 10+ years of experience in software development, systems design, or IT architecture. 5+ years of experience in cloud architecture and large-scale cloud deployments.Position Description: PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experienced Sr. Software/Cloud Architect responsible for designing and guiding the implementation of enterprise-scale cloud and software solutions. This role provides technical leadership in cloud architecture, software design, system integration, and security to ensure that solutions are scalable, reliable, and aligned with organizational strategy. The Senior Architect works closely with stakeholders, development teams, and operations staff to define architecture standards, optimize performance, and drive innovation across cloud and hybrid environments.P Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Lead the design of cloud-native and hybrid applications, platforms, and infrastructure Define system architecture, integration patterns, and technical roadmaps Ensure solutions are scalable, secure, resilient, and cost-optimized Develop and oversee multi-cloud or hybrid-cloud strategies (AWS, Azure, GCP) Drive adoption of cloud-native services, containerization, and serverless technologies Provide guidance on cloud migration, modernization, and optimizationDefine best practices for software architecture, coding standards, and design patterns Partner with development teams to design microservices, APIs, and distributed systems Ensure security and compliance are integrated into all phases of the SDLCExpertise with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) Strong proficiency in software development practices, microservices, APIs, and integration frameworks Knowledge of DevOps/DevSecOps practices, automation, and CI/CD pipelines Familiarity with containerization and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, Helm) Experience with data platforms (SQL/NoSQL databases, data lakes, streaming) Strong knowledge of security principles, IAM, and compliance frameworksRequired QualificationsDoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications(Master’s preferred)About PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cybersecurity, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms, and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312359055","title":"Senior Research and Development Specialist","company":"PingWind Inc. (SDVOSB)","location":"Annandale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.lever.co/pingwind/9de963be-f934-45f4-9434-7bad47a7f611/apply?lever-source=LinkedIn","description":"Location: Multiple locationsRequired Clearance: Top SecretCertifications : DoD 8140 certificationsRequired Education: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Life Sciences, or related technical discipline.Required Experience: 8 years of experience in R&amp;D, innovation, or applied research roles.Position Description: PingWind is seeking a highly qualified and experienced Senior Research and Development Specialist provides expert-level knowledge, leadership, and technical guidance in the planning, execution, and advancement of research and development initiatives. This role is responsible for identifying emerging technologies, designing and testing innovative solutions, and supporting the transition of concepts into operational or commercial applications. As a subject matter expert, the R&amp;D Specialist advises leadership, mentors project teams, and ensures R&amp;D activities align with organizational strategy and mission requirements.Primary Responsibilities:Typical Responsibilities/Tasks: Lead the identification, evaluation, and development of new technologies, products, or processes Stay at the forefront of industry trends, scientific advancements, and competitive technologies Apply deep technical expertise to solve complex challenges and create innovative solutions Design, prototype, and validate R&amp;D concepts through modeling, simulation, experimentation, or proof-of-concept builds Conduct feasibility studies, cost-benefit analyses, and risk assessments for new initiatives Serve as the subject matter expert for assigned technical domains Prepare and publish research findings, reports, and technical documentation Ensure R&amp;D projects adhere to organizational, regulatory, and ethical standards Participate in intellectual property development, including patents and technology disclosures Expertise in one or more relevant technical domains (e.g., software engineering, materials science, biotechnology, data science, advanced manufacturing) Experience with prototyping, modeling/simulation, and experimental design Knowledge of technology transfer, commercialization, or systems integration Familiarity with project management methodologies (Agile, Stage-Gate, etc.)Required Qualifications DoD 8140 CertificationDesired Qualifications Master’s. in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Life Sciences, or related technical disciplineAbout PingWindPingWind is focused on delivering outstanding services to the federal government. We have extensive experience in the fields of cybersecurity, development, IT infrastructure, supply chain management and other professional services such as system design and continuous improvement. PingWind is a VA CVE certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with offices in Washington DC and Northern Virginia. www.PingWind.comOur benefits include: Paid Federal Holidays Robust Health &amp; Dental Insurance Options 401k with matching Paid vacation and sick leave Continuing education assistance Short Term / Long Term Disability &amp; Life Insurance Employee Assistance Program through Sun Life Financial EAP Guidance ResourcesVeterans are encouraged to applyPingWind, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms, and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4302102188","title":"Regional Sales Manager, Saudi Arabia & Egypt","company":"Phibro Animal Health","location":"Teaneck","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.pahc.com/job/Remote-Regional-Manager%2C-Saudi-Arabia-&-Egypt-Turk/1327126700/?utm_source=LINKEDIN&utm_medium=referrer","description":"About Phibro Animal Health CorporationPhibro Animal Health Corporation is a publicly traded, global organization with a rich history in animal health and nutrition as a manufacturer and marketer of medicated feed additives, vaccines, nutritional specialty products, and mineral nutrition. We strive to be a trusted partner with livestock producers, farmers, veterinarians, and consumers who raise or care for farm and companion animals by providing solutions to help them maintain and enhance the health of their animals.Phibro is a diversified company in manufacturing and marketing products for ethanol performance, microbials for plants, home and industrial applications, and specialty chemicals for various industrial markets. In addition to, Phibro’s revenues are in excess of $1.3 billion and are supported by over 2,300 employees worldwide.At Phibro, people are our greatest asset. We strive to develop a diverse workforce that fosters an environment where people feel supported in openly sharing their creativity and skills that allows them to be the most successful that they can be.Position DetailsJob TitleRegional Sales Manager, Saudi Arabia &amp; EgyptReports ToVP, EMEA RegionJob DescriptionThe Regional Sales Manager will be responsible for maximizing the potential of Phibro’s current product portfolio, managing over $15 million in sales in Saudi Arabia &amp; Egypt with significant growth opportunities for the future. This role involves overseeing Phibro’s established business through a network of distributors, ensuring strong performance and growth of existing product lines, including the newly acquired MFA and water-soluble antibiotics from Zoetis.Looking ahead, the Regional Sales Manager will also play a critical role in driving ambitious growth by identifying and creating new opportunities. This includes launching and expanding Phibro’s vaccines portfolio in the region and leading the introduction of new product lines, such as planned poultry launches. The position offers the opportunity to not only strengthen the existing business but also significantly contribute to Phibro’s international expansion and long-term growth strategy.ResponsibilitiesPreserve and strengthen existing strong, trustworthy relationships with distributors to ensure alignment with Phibro’s business objectives and drive sustained success.Monitor distributor sales performance to meet and exceed targets, providing support and guidance to maximize results.Identify and establish new distributor relationships when necessary or to capitalize on new opportunities, ensuring Phibro’s growth and market expansion.Develop and implement comprehensive customer level strategies that will maximize revenue and profitability of the entire product portfolio.Lead product planning and launch strategy in alignment with global marketing and regulatory teams.Provide marketing support and deliver best-in-class technical service to distributors and key customers, ensuring alignment with sales activities and overall business objectives.Serve as the primary point of contact between the company and customers, ensuring clear communication and providing timely responses to inquiries and concerns.Oversee and manage budgets and financial performance for the territory, ensuring a thorough understanding of key financial and performance metrics to drive strategic decision-making and achieve business objectives within the region.EducationDegree in Veterinary medicine, Nutritional or other or other relevant animal science degree.ExperienceMinimum of 10 years of experience in a commercial role, especially in poultry health/ nutrition within Saudi Arabia and ideally also Egypt.Proven track record of successful strategic account/ distributor management and developing business in international markets.Previous experience managing similar sales volumes with growing demand.Experience and good understanding of poultry industry and productionSuccessful launch of products in different segmentsExperienced in Opportunity Management through a CRM platformCore Competencies &amp; RequirementsProfessional level English &amp; Arabic is required.Strong B2B Commercial skills.Strong decision-making and problem-solving skills.Ability to develop strong professional relations with business partners/ distributors/ customers across multiple countries and cultures.Must be willing to travel extensively.Excellent communication (oral and written) skills.Strong work ethic &amp; flexibility to work across differing time zones.Well organized leader who can influence, lead and drive processes, projects and issue resolution.Phibro is an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristics protected by law.Business Unit: Animal Health &amp; Mineral Nutrition Division: Animal Health &amp; Nutrition Department: Management Location: Remote"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314660054","title":"Clinical Trial Manager - sponsor dedicated - Home based Paris - average 2 to 5 times per month at client office in Reims","company":"Syneos Health","location":"Morrisville","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.talemetry.com/syneoshealthcrm/jobs/apply?job_list_id=7238&returnUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fsyneoshealth.wd12.myworkdayjobs.com%2FSyneos_Health_External_Site%2Fjob%2FFRA-Remote%2FClinical-Trial-Manager\\u002d\\u002d-sponsor-dedicated\\u002d\\u002d-Home-based-Paris\\u002d\\u002d-average-2-to-5-times-per-month-at-client-office-in-Reims_25102488%2Fapply&tm_job=25102488&tm_event=view&tm_company=44859&bid=0","description":"DescriptionClinical Trial Manager - sponsor dedicated - Home based Paris - average 2 to 5 times per month at client office in ReimsSyneos Health® is a leading fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization built to accelerate customer success. We translate unique clinical, medical affairs and commercial insights into outcomes to address modern market realities.Our Clinical Development model brings the customer and the patient to the center of everything that we do. We are continuously looking for ways to simplify and streamline our work to not only make Syneos Health easier to work with, but to make us easier to work for.Whether you join us in a Functional Service Provider partnership or a Full-Service environment, you’ll collaborate with passionate problem solvers, innovating as a team to help our customers achieve their goals. We are agile and driven to accelerate the delivery of therapies, because we are passionate to change lives.Discover what our 29,000 employees, across 110 countries already know:WORK HERE MATTERS EVERYWHEREWhy Syneos HealthWe are passionate about developing our people, through career development and progression; supportive and engaged line management; technical and therapeutic area training; peer recognition and total rewards program.We are committed to our Total Self culture – where you can authentically be yourself. Our Total Self culture is what unites us globally, and we are dedicated to taking care of our people.We are continuously building the company we all want to work for and our customers want to work with. Why? Because when we bring together diversity of thoughts, backgrounds, cultures, and perspectives – we’re able to create a place where everyone feels like they belong.Job ResponsibilitiesDevelop, coordinate, and implement clinical research studies at the organization's facilities, ensuring adherence to study protocols and timelinesCollaborate with the principal investigator to design study protocols and ensure scientific integrityLiaise between research subjects, client teams, investigators, and clinic operations teams to facilitate smooth communication and coordinationPlan logistics and resource usage for clinical trials, including scheduling, staffing, and equipment needsTrack study progress in alignment with project milestones, client deliverables, and budget, and provide regular updates to stakeholdersEnsure compliance with applicable regulations globally and by region, including Good Clinical Practice (GCP) guidelinesSupervise experienced support employees and/or entry-level individual contributors, planning, prioritizing, and directing their tasks to ensure efficient workflow and high-quality outputDeliver operational results that have a moderate impact on the immediate achievement of results for the team, contributing to the overall success of the organizationAdapt new procedures, techniques, and tools to improve clinical trial processes and outcomesUnderstand basic management approaches such as work scheduling, prioritizing, coaching, and process executionQualifications:Broad job knowledge in an operational, administrative, and/or specialized fieldPractical knowledge in managing the execution of processes, projects, and tactics within a teamUnderstanding of the impact of work on related areasCertifications:Relevant certifications in clinical trial management or related fieldsNecessary Skills:Strong leadership and management skillsExcellent communication and collaboration abilitiesAbility to plan and prioritize tasks effectivelyProficiency in tracking and reporting study progressKnowledge of local and regional regulations for clinical trialsGet to know Syneos HealthOver the past 5 years, we have worked with 94% of all Novel FDA Approved Drugs, 95% of EMA Authorized Products and over 200 Studies across 73,000 Sites and 675,000+ Trial patients.No matter what your role is, you’ll take the initiative and challenge the status quo with us in a highly competitive and ever-changing environment. Learn more about Syneos Health.http://www.syneoshealth.comAdditional InformationTasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees. The Company is committed to compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, including the provision of reasonable accommodations, when appropriate, to assist employees or applicants to perform the essential functions of the job.SummarySupervision and/or preparation of study-related documents at the national level, based on reference materials provided by the global project leader. Ensure that all documents comply with local regulations and business procedures. Design and updating of dashboards required for monitoring the study at the national level. Liaison between stakeholders in the trial team, particularly with the preferred vendor for monitoring and administrative support. Lead trial follow-up meetings and prepare and distribute meeting minutes. Monitoring of recruitment progress. Implementation and tracking of site and patient engagement activities. Risk management and implementation of risk mitigation plans. Definition of financial resources (in partnership with contract experts) required for the study. Monitoring of the study budget and justification of any changes or adjustments. Ensuring database lock according to planned timelines. Maintaining strong relationships with study sites, including travel as needed. Oversight of site closures and administrative study close-out."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4296449465","title":"Site Contracts Specialist - Sponsor dedicated - France Home Based","company":"Syneos Health","location":"Morrisville","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://jobs.talemetry.com/syneoshealthcrm/jobs/apply?job_list_id=7238&returnUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fsyneoshealth.wd12.myworkdayjobs.com%2FSyneos_Health_External_Site%2Fjob%2FFRA-Remote%2FSite-Contracts-Specialist\\u002d\\u002d-Sponsor-dedicated\\u002d\\u002d-France-Home-Based_25101194%2Fapply&tm_job=25101194&tm_event=view&tm_company=44859&bid=0","description":"DescriptionSite Contracts Specialist - Sponsor dedicated - France Home BasedSyneos Health® is a leading fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization built to accelerate customer success. We translate unique clinical, medical affairs and commercial insights into outcomes to address modern market realities.Our Clinical Development model brings the customer and the patient to the center of everything that we do. We are continuously looking for ways to simplify and streamline our work to not only make Syneos Health easier to work with, but to make us easier to work for.Whether you join us in a Functional Service Provider partnership or a Full-Service environment, you’ll collaborate with passionate problem solvers, innovating as a team to help our customers achieve their goals. We are agile and driven to accelerate the delivery of therapies, because we are passionate to change lives.Discover what our 29,000 employees, across 110 countries already know:WORK HERE MATTERS EVERYWHEREWhy Syneos HealthWe are passionate about developing our people, through career development and progression; supportive and engaged line management; technical and therapeutic area training; peer recognition and total rewards program.We are committed to our Total Self culture – where you can authentically be yourself. Our Total Self culture is what unites us globally, and we are dedicated to taking care of our people.We are continuously building the company we all want to work for and our customers want to work with. Why? Because when we bring together diversity of thoughts, backgrounds, cultures, and perspectives – we’re able to create a place where everyone feels like they belong.Job ResponsibilitiesJOB RESPONSIBILITIESAdministers all contract management processes, including coordination with relevant protocol, informed consent, institution, investigator, vendor, consultant, and customer agreement documents at a project level.May lead (with supervision) multi-country projects including negotiating and preparing contracts, budgets, and related documents for participation in industry-sponsored clinical trials.Provides support to SSUL to agree on country template contract and budget. Produces site-specific contracts from country template. Provide support in submissions for proposed contract and budget for site.Provides support in negotiating budget and contract with site via Site Contracts Service Centre and SSUL with Sponsor until resolution of issues.Performs quality control and arranges execution of CTAs as well as archival of documents into repositories and capture of metadata.Reviews contracts for completeness and accuracy, and ensures that corrections are appropriately made and documented.Provides supports to business development and represents site contracts/Site Start-Up (SSU) at internal or customer meetings.Work with Contract Managers and team members with the active project management of ongoing contract issues; performs follow-up on all outstanding contract issues.Supports in generating amended contract and/or budget documents as necessary, preparing contract management documentation for projects, and streamlining the contract/proposal or internal processes; and initiates and introduces creative ideas and solutions.Works within the forecasted country/site contracting timelines, ensures they are complied with and tracks milestone progress in agreed upon SSU tracking system in real time.Collaborates with internal and external legal, finance, and clinical operations departments, including communicating and explaining legal and budgetary issues.Facilitates the execution of contracts by company signatories.Maintains contract templates and site specific files and databases.Trains and mentors less experienced staff members on departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and ensures quality of team work products. Maintains and updates training material for site contract team.Acts as a communication liaison between site contracts staff and internal and external customers. Provides functional guidance and keeps internal and external teams aware of all contract statuses or pending issues. Prepares correspondence as necessary.Monitors basic financial aspects of the project and the number of hours/tasks available per contract; escalates discrepancies in a timely fashion.Reviews and complies with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Work Instructions (WIs) in a timely manner, keeps training records updated accordingly and ensures timesheet compliance.QUALIFICATION &amp; REQUIREMENTS (please indicate if ‘preferred’)BA/BS degree in Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree preferred.High level of contracts management experience.Experience in a contract research organization or pharmaceutical industry essential.Strong knowledge of the clinical development process and legal and contracting parameters.Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite.Customer focused and ability to manage challenging priorities and to remain flexible and adaptable in stressful situations.Excellent understanding of clinical trial process across Phases II-IV and ICH GCP.Good understanding clinical protocols and associated study specifications.Excellent understanding of clinical trial start-up processes.Project management experience in a fast-paced environment.Good vendor management skills.Excellent written/oral communication, presentation, documentation, interpersonal skills as well as strong team-orientation.Strong organizational skills with proven ability to handle multiple projects excellent communication.Quality-driven in all managed activities. Strong negotiating skills. Strong problem-solving skills.Ability to mentor, lead and motivate more junior staff.Demonstrate an ability to provide quality feedback and guidance to peers Contribute to a training and Quality assurance plan within SSU and update SOPs/WI.Get to know Syneos HealthOver the past 5 years, we have worked with 94% of all Novel FDA Approved Drugs, 95% of EMA Authorized Products and over 200 Studies across 73,000 Sites and 675,000+ Trial patients.No matter what your role is, you’ll take the initiative and challenge the status quo with us in a highly competitive and ever-changing environment. Learn more about Syneos Health.http://www.syneoshealth.comAdditional InformationTasks, duties, and responsibilities as listed in this job description are not exhaustive. The Company, at its sole discretion and with no prior notice, may assign other tasks, duties, and job responsibilities. Equivalent experience, skills, and/or education will also be considered so qualifications of incumbents may differ from those listed in the Job Description. The Company, at its sole discretion, will determine what constitutes as equivalent to the qualifications described above. Further, nothing contained herein should be construed to create an employment contract. Occasionally, required skills/experiences for jobs are expressed in brief terms. Any language contained herein is intended to fully comply with all obligations imposed by the legislation of each country in which it operates, including the implementation of the EU Equality Directive, in relation to the recruitment and employment of its employees. The Company is committed to compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, including the provision of reasonable accommodations, when appropriate, to assist employees or applicants to perform the essential functions of the job.SummaryAdministers and negotiates site contracts that support projects within Clinical Operations on a global scale, with moderate oversight from the SSU Country Manager. Ensures site contract documentation is in compliance with sponsor and Company requirements. Identifies project and/or individual site contract related problems and works with internal and external team members to provide and implement solutions. Serves as technical expert across all Site Contracts functions. Trains and mentors junior team members and proactively identify ways to improve internal project operations. Establishes strong working relationships with customer, internal project teams and sites. Ensure all relevant documents are submitted to the Trial Master File (TMF) as per Company SOP/Sponsor requirements. May participate in internal team education or process improvement initiatives."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4238048768","title":"Director, Consult Partner, Secteur Banking, Insurance, Retail, Travel & Transportation ; exp Data & AI, Hybrid Cloud & Cyber Security","company":"Kyndryl","location":"New York City","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://kyndryl.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/KyndrylProfessionalCareers/job/Courbevoie-Hauts-de-Seine-France/Director\\u002d\\u002dConsult-Partner\\u002d\\u002dSecteur-Banking\\u002d\\u002dInsurance\\u002d\\u002dRetail\\u002d\\u002dTravel\\u002d\\u002d-Transportation\\u002d\\u002d-exp-Data\\u002d\\u002d-AI\\u002d\\u002dHybrid-Cloud\\u002d\\u002d-Cyber-Security_R-41924-1?source=REC_APPLICANT_SOURCE_LinkedIn","description":"Who We AreAt Kyndryl, we design, build, manage and modernize the mission-critical technology systems that the world depends on every day. So why work at Kyndryl? We are always moving forward – always pushing ourselves to go further in our efforts to build a more equitable, inclusive world for our employees, our customers and our communities.The RoleKyndryl Consult is the fastest growing business within the organization and instrumental to the company’s strategic growth objectives. You will play a key leadership role across multi-disciplinary teams, guiding them through complex consulting engagements and be responsible for creating and positioning strategic change agendas within Kyndryl's largest accounts across the C-suite, spanning the intersection between complex Business and IT customer solutions, transformations that impact across the entire customer Eco-system.As a Consult Partner, you will have a pivotal role in driving profitable growth, leveraging our comprehensive capabilities to build strong client relationships, and leading your team to success. This role demands a strong presence, industry expertise, and the ability to cultivate relationships with CXO-level clients. Your leadership will be critical in fostering talent development and innovation within the organization.This role will also be leading the overall client engagement and delivering high quality client work alongside senior client stakeholders. Working in a transaction environment which may be pre or post deal, planning post deal implementation, and ultimately supporting execution. Partners will be focused on financial impact, utilization and contribution, client impact and leadership.Contribute to Profitable Growth:Drive significant financial outcomes through signings and revenue targetsEnsure sustained growth and profitability, managing margin expectations and backlog growthSupport the identification, pursuit and conversion of a pipeline of business development opportunitiesUndertake scoping and fee negotiation on engagements, while enduring profitability and understanding and containing riskClient Engagement:Build and maintain deep relationships with client CXOs and be seen as the 'go to' person and a trusted advisor by senior executivesLeading C-level client interactions and consulting initiatives, deliverables and outputs of a deal engagementDemonstrate credibility and experience to advise and deliver on complex consulting engagementEnhance client satisfaction, as measured by Net Promoter Score (NPS) and new relationship development; Secure client referencesOperational Excellence:Achieve individual and team utilization targetsLead the design of complex engagements and take responsibility for oversight of delivery, ensuring high performance and customer satisfactionLeadership, Management, PeopleLead by example; Fostering a culture of continuous personal and professional development and challenging our people to be curious and innovative and supportive for each other. At the same time ensuring that all outcomes are commercially focused, value adding and effectively executedStrategic Contribution:Utilize industry and technology expertise to shape and drive the company’s strategic initiatives. Align with Kyndryl’s strategic vision and contribute to its execution. Drive external eminence and innovation, establishing a strong personal and organizational brand in the industry. Proactively develop thought leadership and intellectual capitalWho You AreWho You AreYou’re good at what you do and possess the required experience to prove it. However, equally as important – you have a growth mindset; keen to drive your own personal and professional development. You are customer-focused – someone who prioritizes customer success in their work. And finally, you’re open and borderless – naturally inclusive in how you work with others.Required Skills And ExperienceExtensive experience in client engagement and relationship management at the CXO levelDemonstrable ability to build and commercialize relationships with senior executivesProven track record of leading and executing complex projects with multi-disciplinary teams in a consulting, corporate or public sector environmentEffective financial acumen with experience in driving revenue growth and managing marginsExperience of managing or supporting high-value business development activities with senior stakeholdersDeep understanding of industry trends and technologySound personal brand and presence in the industryDemonstrated ability to innovate and drive changeDeep Data &amp; AI, Hybrid Cloud &amp; CyberSecurity expertise Demonstrated Banking &amp; Insurance, Retail, Travel &amp; Transportation Industry knowledgeBeing YouDiversity is a whole lot more than what we look like or where we come from, it’s how we think and who we are. We welcome people of all cultures, backgrounds, and experiences. But we’re not doing it single-handily: Our Kyndryl Inclusion Networks are only one of many ways we create a workplace where all Kyndryls can find and provide support and advice. This dedication to welcoming everyone into our company means that Kyndryl gives you – and everyone next to you – the ability to bring your whole self to work, individually and collectively, and support the activation of our equitable culture. That’s the Kyndryl Way.What You Can ExpectWith state-of-the-art resources and Fortune 100 clients, every day is an opportunity to innovate, build new capabilities, new relationships, new processes, and new value. Kyndryl cares about your well-being and prides itself on offering benefits that give you choice, reflect the diversity of our employees and support you and your family through the moments that matter – wherever you are in your life journey. Our employee learning programs give you access to the best learning in the industry to receive certifications, including Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Skillsoft, and many more. Through our company-wide volunteering and giving platform, you can donate, start fundraisers, volunteer, and search over 2 million non-profit organizations. At Kyndryl, we invest heavily in you, we want you to succeed so that together, we will all succeed.Get Referred!If you know someone that works at Kyndryl, when asked ‘How Did You Hear About Us’ during the application process, select ‘Employee Referral’ and enter your contact's Kyndryl email address."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314649879","title":"Event Coordinator - Freelance, Remote","company":"Magic","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://magic.pinpointhq.com/postings/00784cec-d47b-4236-a4cf-ae4bbbdad9c7/applications/new?utm_medium=job_board&utm_source=linkedIn","description":"Department: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $6.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientOur client is a growth-focused sales organization that partners closely with client-facing teams to streamline revenue operations and scale sales processes. We prioritize automation, data-driven CRM management, and creating sales enablement assets that empower reps to work autonomously. The company values continuous improvement and seeks an operations partner who loves building systems that make sales teams more effective.Why does this role exist?This role is being hired to secure high-impact speaking and exhibitor opportunities and to ensure flawless execution at conferences and trade shows so the client and their companies have consistent, professional physical presence. The Events Coordinator will remove logistical friction—handling research, bookings, negotiations, materials, staff coordination and post-event follow-up—so the client can focus on presenting and growing the business. Ultimately, this role exists to increase visibility, generate qualified leads, and maximize ROI from events.The Impact you’ll makeSpeaker &amp; Exhibitor BookingsResearch, identify and apply for speaking slots appropriate for the client and each company.Secure exhibitor tables and booth space for relevant companies at targeted events.Manage applications, contracts, deadlines and confirmations for both speaking and exhibitor opportunities.Negotiation &amp; Relationship ManagementNegotiate fees, booth placement, sponsorship packages and contract terms with event organizers.Build and maintain relationships with event hosts, organizers and industry contacts.Manage vendor and organizer communications to ensure favorable terms and smooth logistics.Event Logistics &amp; Materials ManagementCoordinate production, shipping and on-time delivery of event materials (merch, swag, tablecloths, roll-up banners, collateral).Assign and brief staff for event roles; create staff schedules and run-of-show documents.Oversee on-site setup, booth appearance, and any required technical or AV arrangements.Event Research &amp; Calendar ManagementContinuously research and aggregate targeted conferences and trade shows across industries (education, business/entrepreneurship, aviation/travel).Maintain an up-to-date event calendar to ensure coverage and speaking opportunities across companies.Prioritize events by audience fit, cost/benefit, and speaking potential.Onsite &amp; Post-Event ExecutionProvide hands-on support before, during and after events; troubleshoot issues and act as the main contact for organizers and staff.Prepare post-event reports summarizing outcomes, leads, and recommended follow-up actions.Coordinate lead handoff and follow-up plans with the client and internal team.Skills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequired:Minimum 1 year experience as an Event Coordinator or Booking AgentDemonstrable experience booking both speaking engagements and exhibitor booths at industry events.Proven negotiation experience with event organizers and vendors.Experience coordinating event materials, staff, shipping and on-site logistics.Comfortable using Asana, Google Workspace, Slack and Canva for event planning and collaborationWFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:Technical:Event research and calendar managementContract review and vendor negotiationLogistics coordination (shipping, booth setup, AV basics)Basic graphic/layout skills for collateral using Canva (or ability to coordinate designers)Proficiency with Asana, Google Workspace and SlackSoft skills / traitsHighly organized with excellent attention to detailStrong communicator and relationship builderProactive, resourceful problem-solver who can act independentlyComfortable managing multiple events and deadlines simultaneouslyCalm under pressure and customer-service orientedYou should apply if...You love events and enjoy turning logistical complexity into polished experiences.You’re a proactive self-starter who anticipates needs and takes ownership end-to-end.You value relationship-building and can negotiate confidently on behalf of clients.You thrive in a fast-paced, remote environment and prioritize clear communication.What to expect...Work Setup:Remote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMonday to Friday, 8 hours/day Eastern Time (schedule TBD).Compensation:$6 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefits"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312057105","title":"US Tax Specialist (1040 & 1044 Form Expert) - Freelance, Remote","company":"Magic","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://magic.pinpointhq.com/postings/18f4efd4-1b8f-460a-9ad8-2771e02f2d50/applications/new?utm_medium=job_board&utm_source=linkedIn","description":"Department: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $6.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientAn established U.S.-based tax, bookkeeping, and financial advisory firm led by experienced CPAs that combines deep technical expertise with modern, secure systems to make taxes and financial planning stress-free for clients. They serve individuals and small businesses with a focus on accuracy, compliance, and excellent client communication. The firm values process, technology adoption, and a client-centric culture; this role will support their operations and tax-prep teams.Why does this role exist?This position is being hired to reduce operational bottlenecks and to provide a confident, independent point of contact for high-volume, time-sensitive client communications and routine individual tax matters. The US Tax Specialist will triage emails and calls, draft compliant responses to tax notices, support onboarding and calendar management, and improve CRM data hygiene during an active migration — enabling senior tax staff to focus on complex work and client advisory.The Impact you’ll makeClient communications &amp; tax notice triageMonitor and manage client emails and Outlook inboxes; draft responses and escalate complex or compliance-critical items.Review IRS/state letters and draft suggested replies for approval.Provide first-response guidance on routine individual tax inquiries and route complex issues to the correct team member.Tax software support &amp; researchUse Drake (or similar tax software) to look up client situations and provide informed first responses.Verify return details (1040 / 1044 knowledge) to ensure appropriate routing and accurate draft replies.Calls, lead qualification &amp; schedulingHandle inbound calls via RingCentral web, screen and qualify leads, book calls with the team, and route urgent matters appropriately.Maintain calendar schedules (Outlook/Teams) and ensure accurate handoffs with answering service.CRM &amp; data hygiene (Keap → GoHighLevel migration)Add leads, update statuses, maintain consistent pipelines, and help resolve missing/inconsistent data during migration.Document processes and maintain shared file organization (OneDrive/Google Drive).Process documentation &amp; securityMaintain and improve standard operating procedures, document workflows, and ensure adherence to data security and client confidentiality practices.Skills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequired:US individual income tax industry experience with working knowledge of tax notices, tax terminology, and demonstrated familiarity with 1040 and 1044.Proficiency using Drake tax software or a comparable tax-prep system.Excellent spoken and written English — seamless, confident communicator with minimal hesitations.Proven experience handling inbound calls (RingCentral or similar), Outlook/Teams calendar management, and cloud file systems (OneDrive/Google Drive).Available to work Mon–Fri, 9:00 AM–5:00 PM ET (40 hours/week) and able to start ASAP.WFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:Drake (or equivalent) tax software proficiency.CRM experience (Keap and/or GoHighLevel) and strong data hygiene skills.Comfortable with RingCentral web call handling, Outlook/Teams calendar management, and cloud file systems.Familiar with responsible use of Copilot/ChatGPT for drafting and process automation.You’re energized by helping clients navigate taxes and financial challenges with empathy and clarityYou thrive in lean, fast-evolving environments and take initiative without needing constant directionYou’re eager to grow your tax resolution and real estate knowledge and contribute to community-focused initiativesYou value accuracy, consistency, and follow-through—and you take pride in keeping operations running smoothlyWhat to expect...Work Setup:Remote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMon–Fri, 9:00 AM–6:00 PM Eastern TimeCompensation:$6 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefits"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314653543","title":"CRM/Sales Operations Specialist - Freelance, Remote","company":"Magic","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://magic.pinpointhq.com/postings/4a70ee23-95b4-4ee7-9238-6b3436245b4c/applications/new?utm_medium=job_board&utm_source=linkedIn","description":"Department: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $6.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientOur client is a growth-focused sales organization that partners closely with client-facing teams to streamline revenue operations and scale sales processes. We prioritize automation, data-driven CRM management, and creating sales enablement assets that empower reps to work autonomously. The company values continuous improvement and seeks an operations partner who loves building systems that make sales teams more effective.Why does this role exist?This role exists to design, implement, and maintain scalable sales automations and CRM processes that reduce manual work, improve lead-to-deal visibility, and enable the sales team to operate more independently. The CRM/Sales Ops Expert will own Pipedrive administration, end-to-end automation workflows using Zapier and related tools, and the ongoing optimization of lead lists and sales enablement materials so sales leadership can focus on closing business.The Impact you’ll makeSales Automation &amp; Workflow ManagementDesign, build, and maintain sales automations and workflow sequences to streamline prospecting, lead routing, follow-ups, and internal handoffs.Implement and manage Zapier integrations (and similar automation tools) to connect systems and eliminate repetitive manual tasks.Identify recurring manual processes and propose automation solutions to increase sales team productivity.CRM Administration &amp; OptimizationAdminister and optimize Pipedrive: maintain pipelines, custom fields, stages, and automation rules.Ensure data integrity—regular data hygiene, deduplication, and accurate tracking of leads, activities, and deal progress.Build and maintain reporting and dashboards to surface actionable sales metrics for leadership.Lead Sourcing &amp; List ManagementSource and manage lead lists using Seamless.ai or equivalent tools (Clay.ai, ZoomInfo, Instantly, etc.).Standardize list formats, enrichment workflows, and lead scoring/qualification inputs into Pipedrive.Coordinate with the sales team to ensure leads are delivered, routed, and followed up on promptly.Sales Enablement &amp; PresentationsCreate polished sales slide decks and presentation templates in Google Slides (and design tools such as Canva or Figma) for use by sales reps.Maintain / update enablement materials to reflect changes in process, product, or messaging.Train or provide documentation for sales reps on using automations, workflows, and presentation assets.Collaboration &amp; Continuous ImprovementWork closely with sales leadership to understand needs and proactively propose improvements.Provide documentation, SOPs, and training to ensure smooth adoption of new automations and CRM updates.Monitor performance of automations and iterate to improve reliability and impact.Skills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequired:Minimum 1 year experience in CRM / Sales Operations with demonstrable results.Proven experience designing and building sales automations, especially using Zapier.Hands-on Pipedrive administration and optimization experience.Experience sourcing and managing lead lists using Seamless.ai or similar tools (Clay.ai, ZoomInfo, Instantly, etc.).Experience creating sales presentations and enablement materials in Google Slides, Canva, Figma, or similar tools.WFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:Technical: Zapier (advanced workflows), Pipedrive administration, lead enrichment tools (Seamless.ai / ZoomInfo / Clay.ai), Google Workspace, Asana, Slack. Design basics for slide creation (Google Slides, Canva, Figma) and creating templates for sales use. Strong data hygiene practices, reporting/dashboard creation, and workflow documentation.Soft skills: Proactive problem-solver who loves automating processes. Clear communicator and collaborator with sales teams and leadership. Detail-oriented, organized, and comfortable juggling multiple projects. Customer-service mentality and a bias for action.You should apply if...You enjoy automating repetitive work and building systems that let salespeople sell more.You like working closely with sales teams and take pride in enabling others’ success.You value continuous improvement, documentation, and clean CRM data.You’re comfortable working independently in a remote team and communicating clearly across time zones.What to expect...Work Setup:Remote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMonday to Friday, 8 hours/day Eastern Time (schedule TBD).Compensation:$6 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefits"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312038844","title":"Appointment Setter/Sales Development Representative- Freelance, Remote","company":"Magic","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://magic.pinpointhq.com/postings/732ce51e-4edf-4d25-9208-7d2692e14665/applications/new?utm_medium=job_board&utm_source=linkedIn","description":"Department: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $5.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientOur client is a fast-growing, U.S.-based digital marketing and technology provider serving licensed cannabis businesses. They help dispensaries and cannabis brands grow through compliant, data-driven outreach and a modern tech stack. The team is lean, results-focused, and values reliability, professionalism, and process adherence.Why does this role exist?The client needs a dependable, process-driven SDR to run compliant prospecting and appointment setting using their cannabis-specific database and outreach tools. This role exists to generate qualified meetings for the sales team, maintain clean CRM data in HubSpot, and free up internal bandwidth—especially for the sales director—by taking ownership of prospect list building, outreach, and scheduling. The goal is a reliable, scalable alternative to past vendors who failed to follow the client’s processes and tools.The Impact you’ll makeProspecting and Lead GenerationBuild and vet targeted prospect lists using the client’s cannabis databaseEnrich and organize lead data; create email lists as neededQualify leads based on ICP and compliance requirementsMulti-channel Outreach and Appointment SettingExecute cold outreach via calls, texts, and emails to book demos/meetingsFollow approved messaging, scripts, and compliance guidelinesCoordinate scheduling and handoffs for demos with the sales teamCRM and Data ManagementInput, update, and maintain accurate records and activities in HubSpotTrack outreach touchpoints, outcomes, and next steps for all leadsKeep lists clean, properly segmented, and compliantProcess Adherence and ReliabilityUse the client’s designated tools (prospecting database, HubSpot, Gmail, VoIP)Meet daily/weekly activity goals and SLAs reliably and consistentlyCommunicate progress and blockers clearly via Slack; follow playbooks and SOPsOptimization and ScaleIdentify ways to streamline workflows; embrace hybrid AI-human processesShare field feedback to improve targeting, messaging, and conversionSupport evolving needs as the role scalesSkills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequired:1+ year in an SDR/Appointment Setter role with proven cold outreach and booking resultsDirect experience in the cannabis industry (B2B dispensary/brand outreach or vendors serving cannabis)Hands-on CRM experience, ideally HubSpot (contact management, tasks, logging activities)Strong professional communication skills (phone, email, text) and fluent EnglishDemonstrated reliability and consistency in meeting outreach activity targets and following defined processesWFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:Technical: Prospecting and lead qualification; HubSpot CRM; VoIP dialers (e.g., Aloware, RingCentral, OpenPhone); email list creation; Gmail proficiency; data organization and segmentationCompliance-minded: Comfortable operating within cannabis industry regulations and client SOPsCommunication: Confident, concise, and professional written and verbal communicationPersonal traits: Highly reliable, detail-oriented, proactive, adaptable, and process-driven; strong ownership and follow-throughYou should apply if…You’re an SDR who thrives on consistent outreach, clean data, and hitting booking targetsYou respect compliance and can work effectively within tool and process constraintsYou’re organized, dependable, and take pride in representing a brand professionallyYou embrace hybrid AI-human workflows and enjoy improving systems as you goYou want to help a lean team scale by freeing up sales time and delivering predictable resultsWhat to expect...Work Setup:Remote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMonday - Friday: 9:00 am - 6:00 pm (Eastern Time)Compensation:$5 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefits"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311953922","title":"Pre-Sales Consultant","company":"nCino","location":"Wilmington","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://ncino.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/nCinoCareers/job/AE\\u002d\\u002d-Remote\\u002d\\u002d-Dubai-UAE/Pre-Sales-Consultant_R5789?source=LinkedIn","description":"nCino offers exciting career opportunities for individuals who want to join the worldwide leader in cloud banking.As a Product Specialist you will use your banking expertise and work closely with banks &amp; financial institutions to innovate financial services. You will lead the solutioning for business challenges and present and demonstrate the value of the nCino solution.ResponsibilitiesBe a Trusted Advisor to prospects and clients by supporting and/or leading presales conversations, presentations and solutioning around nCino-specific capabilitiesBe a Solution Consultant and lead deep-dive discovery sessions with prospects to identify solutions for key business challenges and pain pointsBe a Thought Leader and provide subject matter expertise as it relates to credit, lending, and the banking and financial services sectorBe a Solution Specialist and lead detailed product presentations and demonstrations to internal and external audiences and handle questions regarding functional capabilities while demonstrating the value of the nCino solutionBe a Team Player by working in tandem with colleagues of the PreSales, Sales, Product, Partners and Customer Success teamsBring your A-Game and learn to configure the nCino solution and expand your technical knowledge to translate user stories into technical requirements and tailor product demonstrations to highlight nCino’s value to prospects and clientsQualifications &amp; Skillsets4 Years+ of experience in banking and financial servicesProven ability to build strong rapport with prospects and clients across multiple cross-functional teams, especially in a fast-paced Sales environmentExceptional communication and professional presentation skills with the ability to present, engage and persuade in front of large groups and senior audiencesAbility to respond quickly to complex scenarios and adapt to changeFluent in EnglishAbility to travel in the EMEA RegionDesired Candidate SkillsProven industry expertise, having worked with Loan Origination platformsExtensive knowledge in areas of loan origination workflows, credit risk management or regulatory requirements specific to Lending or OnboardingExperience using and/or configuring SalesforceIf you thrive in a high-energy, entrepreneurial environment, we invite you to share your passion, ideas and excitement at nCino.nCino provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability, genetics or other protected groups. In addition to federal law requirements, nCino complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.nCino is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, nCino will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact us at recruiting@ncino.com.Our commitment to inclusion and equality includes a strong belief that the diversity of our team is instrumental to our success. We strive to create workplaces where employees are empowered to bring their authentic selves to work."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4115184221","title":"Technical Account Executive","company":"Qualys","location":"Foster City","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://qualys.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Saudi-Arabia/Account-Executive_R0002708?source=LinkedIn","description":"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world!The Account Executive is responsible for actively driving and managing new direct and channel business with large enterprise prospects 5,000 employees and up. We are looking for a candidate, who combines a sales background with the technical skills of an engineer. Strong sales skills are a must, and the ability to lead the prospects through the sales cycle without additional technical assistance. The ideal candidate should have a strong technical background.Responsibilities:Hunt, develop, and close new business opportunitiesDelivery high-level and detailed sales presentationsRespond to functional and technical elements of RFIs/RFPsProvide functional and technical support to prospects and customersResponsible for attending conferences, seminars virtually, in-region and nationallyAbility to manage a realistic sales funnel, follow up on inbound leads quickly, and cold call into large Fortune 500 / S&amp;P 500 size organizationsQualifications:Ideal candidate must be self-motivated with strong knowledge in security and compliance space: Vulnerability Management, Policy Compliance, Web Application Scanning, Threat Hunting / EDR, File Integrity Monitoring, and other enterprise security solutions. Strong track record of hunting, consulting, and closing new businessExperience with Qualys is a plus, but not requiredFamiliarity with compliance benchmarks such as CIS level 1 &amp; 2, PCI, HIPAA, HITRUST, NERC, CIP, NIST, etc.Must possess strong presentation skills and be able to communicate professionally in response to emails, RFPs and when submitting reports5-7 years relevant experienceExcellent written and oral communication skillsAble to travel throughout sales territoryAble to comfortably present to prospects and clients using video conferencing solutions in a work-from-home environmentBachelor’s degree or equivalent experience5 years in sales &amp; presales relevant experience.Solid technical background with hands on experienceExcellent written and oral communication skillsStrong analytical and problem-solving skillsFluent in English and ArabiaAble to travel throughout sales territoriesIT Security Experience is a mustBased in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4253312306","title":"Account Director","company":"OneStream Software","location":"Birmingham","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://recruiting.ultipro.com/ONE1018ONSO/JobBoard/1955ffa6-bda6-4c95-8412-2c731d693ab2/OpportunityDetail?opportunityId=7d3c82ab-a8de-4714-b6d5-828716b64e32&source=LinkedIn&utm_source=LINKEDIN","description":"Account Director, FranceLocation:  Remote (Paris, France based)Employment Type: Full-TimeSummaryAn Account Director is responsible for driving new business growth within a defined territory. The role is focused on identifying, developing, and closing net-new customer opportunities, with a strategic emphasis on expanding OneStream’s footprint into untapped markets and organizations.The Account Director will take full ownership of pipeline generation and progression, leveraging a consultative, value-based sales approach to demonstrate how OneStream’s SaaS platform addresses complex business needs. The Account Director will be responsible for engaging C-level stakeholders, navigating enterprise sales cycles, and building strong, trust-based relationships with prospective clients.Success in this role requires a self-starter with exceptional prospecting capabilities, a deep understanding of the financial and operational challenges facing modern enterprises, and a passion for winning new business.You’ll collaborate cross-functionally with Marketing, Pre-Sales, Business Development, and Strategic Alliances to maximize market reach and accelerate deal velocity. While some collaboration with existing accounts may occur, the primary focus of this role is new logo acquisition and revenue growth.Primary Duties &amp; ResponsibilitiesNew Business Development: Drive new logo acquisition through strategic prospecting, outbound outreach, marketing leads, and partner referrals. Account Expansion: Identify upsell and cross-sell opportunities by understanding evolving customer needs and aligning them with OneStream’s solutions. Pipeline Generation: Build and maintain a healthy pipeline through self-sourced efforts and collaboration with Customer Success, Business Development, Marketing, and Alliances. Salesforce Hygiene: Maintain clean, accurate, and up-to-date Salesforce records to support data-driven decision making, forecast accuracy, and cross-functional alignment. Sales Execution: Prepare and present tailored business cases, proposals, and SaaS agreements that align customer objectives with OneStream’s value proposition. Quota Achievement: Balance new business and existing account growth to meet or exceed sales targets. Customer Partnership: Serve as a consultative partner, delivering insights and value that support long-term customer success and retention. Value Communication: Clearly articulate OneStream’s differentiators through compelling written, virtual, and in-person presentations. Opportunity Management: Accurately track and forecast sales opportunities while ensuring timely knowledge transfer across internal teams and external stakeholders. Needs Assessment: Conduct discovery sessions, research, and demos to assess and align OneStream offerings with client challenges. Proposal Development: Create high-impact proposals and responses to client requests, supporting revenue growth and strategic alignment. Sales Excellence: Act as a role model across the sales organization by demonstrating professionalism, accountability and collaborative selling behaviour. Required Education &amp; Experience5-10+ years of B2B sales experience, with a strong focus on new business; high-potential candidates with less experience will also be considered.Proven track record of consistently exceeding quotas through net-new customer acquisition.Demonstrated success in prospecting, pipeline generation, and closing complex deals.Hunter mindset with ability to drive outbound efforts and convert leads from multiple channels.Skilled at articulating solution value to senior stakeholders and navigating multi-threaded sales cycles.Strong command of sales methodologies such as MEDDPICC or Challenger to manage complex sales cycles.Strategic thinker with business acumen to align solutions with customer pain points and goals.Comfortable operating independently in fast-paced, high-growth environments.Experienced in collaborating with Marketing, Product, Business Development, and Pre-Sales to accelerate deal velocity.Preferred Education &amp; ExperienceUniversity Degree or College Diploma in Sales, Business Administration, Marketing or a related field.Prior sales experience in the SaaS industry, especially within the CPM / EPM industry or financial software space.Knowledge, Skills &amp; AbilitiesDemonstrates a strategic mindset with a focus on long-term value creation.Consistently driven by goals and measurable outcomes.Maintains a strong customer-centric approach across all initiatives.Possesses strong commercial acumen and sound business acumen to drive sustainable growth.Proven ability to build and maintain trusted relationships with C-level executives and key stakeholders.Adept at identifying, understanding, and proactively responding to evolving customer needs.Highly flexible and adaptable, with the ability to navigate complex and changing environments.Who We AreOneStream is how today’s Finance teams can go beyond just reporting on the past and Take Finance Further™ by steering the business to the future. It’s the only enterprise finance platform that unifies financial and operational data, embeds AI for better decisions and productivity, and empowers the CFO to become a critical driver of business strategy and execution.  Our vision is to be the operating system for modern finance, digitizing core financial functions and empowering the CFO to become a critical driver of business strategy. To learn more visit www.onestream.com.Why Join The OneStream TeamTransparency around corporate structure, salary, and benefits.Core value of customer success.Variety of project work (not industry specific).Strong culture and camaraderie.Multiple training opportunities.All candidates must be legally authorized to work for any company in the country where this position is located without sponsorship.OneStream Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314520992","title":"Enterprise Regional Sales Lead","company":"Pearson","location":"London","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://rr.jobsyn.org/78C54668629448599189FD1E5109D7541606?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=jobboard","description":"About The RoleWe are looking for an influential and results-driven  Enterprise Sales Lead  to lead our growth across major corporate and government entities in the Kingdom and the region. This is an equivalent VP-level role that will focus on originating high-value enterprise opportunities, cultivating executive-level relationships, and aligning our offerings with the strategic goals of the Kingdom’s leading enterprises.Key ResponsibilitiesDrive business development and enterprise sales strategy in Saudi Arabia/ Region, targeting major national corporations, large conglomerates, and government-backed enterprises, focused on workforce training tools, upskilling, and assessment' also be responsible for Public-Private Partnerships and government agencies.Approach, build, drive, and adoption within Saudi &amp; GCC Public &amp; Governmental and Enterprise customers in combination with other sales and technical resources.Established relationships with top-tier enterprise accounts and the ability to establish new connections.Serve as a trusted advisor to C-level executives and board members, positioning the company as a long-term strategic partner.Collaborate with internal teams to develop tailored proposals and value-based enterprise solutions.Navigate complex and long sales cycles and engage multiple stakeholders across the government and private sectors.Maintain a strong presence in executive circles and represent the organization at key business forums and government events.Originate enterprise leads and oversee deal structuring, with execution support from cross-functional teams.Guide a matrixed team (dotted line reporting), providing leadership, mentoring, and strategic input.Owning/overseeing all requirements related to Regional Headquarters (RHQ)Qualifications12+ years of experience in enterprise sales, business development, or strategic partnerships within Saudi Arabia.MBA - preferred education level.Deep network across Saudi Arabia’s/ Region, top enterprises, and public-private partnerships.Proven ability to lead large-scale, high-value B2B sales in complex and regulated environments.Native Arabic speaker with exceptional English fluency (spoken and written)Strong knowledge of Saudi Arabia’s economic development strategy and key enterprise sectors (e.g., energy, technology, infrastructure).Executive-level gravitas and ability to influence stakeholders at the highest levels. Proven experience with expanding this market.Proven experience in leading a team. fostering an environment that attracts, engages, develops, and retains top sales talent.Familiarity with the education arena.knowledgeable of the government procurement ecosystem, funding mechanisms, and payment processes.Sales Process ManagementOwner of the entire sales process, from identifying targets, prospecting, to closing deals, ensuring a seamless and positive experience for clients.Create proposals and commercial T&amp;Cs and close large-sized and multi-year deals.Responsible for sales budgeting for the assigned territory and product line.Utilize our CRM tools to track and report on sales activities, forecasts, and client interactions.SkillsResults and number-driven. Results-oriented with a focus on exceeding sales targetsStrong presentation and articulation/communication skills.Ability to listen actively and identify client needs.Knowledge/ exp of consultative sales methodologiesStrong analytical skills with the ability to interpret market data and identify growth opportunitiesWho We AreAt Pearson, our purpose is simple: to help people realize the life they imagine through learning. We believe that every learning opportunity is a chance for a personal breakthrough. We are the world's lifelong learning company. For us, learning isn't just what we do. It's who we are. To learn more: We are Pearson.Pearson is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of E-Verify. Employment decisions are based on qualifications, merit and business need. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status or any other group protected by law. We actively seek qualified candidates who are protected veterans and individuals with disabilities as defined under VEVRAA and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act.If you are an individual with a disability and are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career site as a result of your disability, you may request reasonable accommodations by emailing TalentExperienceGlobalTeam@grp.pearson.com.Job: SalesJob Family: GOTOMARKETOrganization: English Language LearningSchedule: FULL_TIMEWorkplace TypeReq ID: 20529"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314535761","title":"Lead Integration Strategist - F/M","company":"Sparteo","location":"Paris","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://sparteo.teamtailor.com/jobs/6607977-lead-integration-strategist-f-m","description":"Sparteo is an independent suite of AI-powered advertising technologies built on sustainable, sovereign infrastructure.Since 2018, we’ve been reshaping programmatic advertising to make it faster, more transparent, and more profitable by building the most direct path between publishers and advertisers.But we don't stop here: wherever attention lives, on the web, in apps, on CTV, and beyond, our mission is to monetize audiences, across every device. Our data-driven tech delivers 30% higher revenues for our clients on average than traditional solutions.Our Solutions:→ Actirise: the display tech designed for performance→ FastCMP: the consent management platform specifically designed for business purposes→ Meetscale: the most advanced SSP for Publishers and Ad Networks→ Viously: the ultimate all-in-one video tech solution→ Voxeus: the audio distribution and monetization technologyBehind Sparteo’s growth is a team of 100+ talents across 11 countries, united by a shared ambition to redefine the future of digital advertising.Our dedication has placed Sparteo among the most dynamic tech players in Europe:FT1000 ranking – Among the fastest-growing European companies in 2024 &amp; 2025The Europas – Featured in the list of 100 hottest startupsPixalate Ranking – #1 Web SSP in France with our Actirise solution, overtaking Google AdExchangeThese milestones are just the result. What truly sets us apart is how we work: at Sparteo, we don’t settle, we act.We are hungry: Always pushing for better, never settling for average.We are data-obsessed: Facts guide us, not assumptions, not egos.We think as one: Collective goals come before personal wins.We trade off: We simplify, prioritize, and go for high-impact results.We solve problems: We own challenges and turn ideas into action.We say what we do: Radical transparency is how we grow, no fluff, no hidingDiscover our journey, products, and culture on 👉 our website 👈Your JobWe are looking for an experienced and strategic leader to take the helm of our Integration Strategy team. This role is a unique blend of team management, client strategy, and data-driven analysis, focused on ensuring our clients have a seamless and successful onboarding experience.If you excel at leading teams, telling stories with data, and optimizing processes—without the need for deep technical skills—this is the perfect opportunity for you.To specifyTeam Leadership &amp; Management:Lead, mentor, and grow a team of 4 to 5 Integration Strategists.Oversee the team's day-to-day operations, ensuring a high standard of quality in all client interactions and analyses.Conduct regular one-on-one meetings, provide continuous feedback, and manage the team's professional development.Client Onboarding &amp; Strategy:Act as the primary representative of the integration team during the client onboarding phase. The onboarding process involves preparing the client after the sales phase and monitoring them for a 30-day trial period before handing them over to the CSM team.Personally manage client calls for strategic accounts, acting as a key point of contact.Develop and define strategic ad placement plans (plan de tag) for new clients to maximize their performance.Prepare and present data-driven analyses and performance reports to key clients, defending strategic recommendations.Process &amp; Performance Optimization:Guarantee the quality of integrations.Optimize integration documentation and processes.Continuously improve and document the team's processes to enhance efficiency and scalability.Lead initiatives for continuous optimization within the team.Collaborate with other departments to ensure a smooth transition of clients from the sales phase through onboarding to the account management phase.Your profile for this jobYou have proven experience in a senior or lead role, with a strong background in team management.You possess excellent analytical skills, with the ability to interpret data and present compelling, data-driven arguments to clients.Your experience is similar to that of a Customer Success Manager (CSM), particularly with a focus on client onboarding and strategic account management.You are proactive, take initiative, and are comfortable representing your team and the company with strategic clients.Fluency in both French and English is mandatory to effectively manage strategic client accounts.Important: This is a strategic and analytical role, not a technical one. No coding skills are required; the focus is on client service and data analysis.Your mind set to share our adventure🚀 You want to make an impact and move things forward collectively. Does hearing phrases like \"Yes, but we've been doing it this way for years...\" make your hair stand on end? We feel the same way: progress is made by questioning what already exists.🧠 You solve problems pragmatically and analytically.🏃‍♂️ You're looking for a fast-moving environment where your agility will be an asset. The 80-20 (Pareto) principle holds no secrets for you.🎧 Your ability to listen encourages you to challenge and improve yourself on an ongoing basis.Benefits &amp; Work Environment🌍 Dynamic Remote Culture: At Sparteo, we embrace a flexible work environment that adapts to your lifestyle, allowing you to contribute from wherever you feel most productive, be it from home or our urban offices in Paris, Lille, or London.👥 Close-knit Team: Be part of our dynamic and united team, where collaboration, innovation, and mutual support drive our collective success and create a thriving work environment.🎉 Vibrant Social Events: Engage in regular social gatherings and company events that foster community and celebrate our milestones.🚀 Rapid Growth: Experience the excitement of working with a company in rapid expansion mode, impacting the advertising technology landscape across Europe and beyond.📈 Tailored Support: We provide robust career development support, including training programs, career check-ins with HR, opportunities for internal mobility, and performance feedback sessions conducted quarterly or semi-annually, depending on your role.🌴 RTT Days: We support work-life balance with additional rest days (RTT), provided based on position and tenure, empowering you to recharge and enjoy life outside of work.🩺 Comprehensive Health and pension plans: We provide a robust health benefits plan, ensuring you and your family are covered and cared for.💼 Additional Perks:🍽️ Benefit from the Swile card for meals.🚆 Partial reimbursement of public transit passes.Ready to join Team Sparteo? Send us your CV and continue the recruitment process!Here are the stages in our recruitment processDiscussions about your driving forces, your ambitions and our Sparteo mindset will be held with a member of our Talent Acquisition team.Analytical and business logic testsDiscussions with one or more members of the Sparteo team, including your future managerTaking up referencesOur recruitment process is mainly conducted by videoconference; however, certain stages may require a face-to-face meeting."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314672424","title":"People Projects Lead","company":"Tabby | تابي","location":"Riyadh","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://tabby.pinpointhq.com/postings/2db7c1c6-1ecd-44de-b2e2-613498c0dde6/applications/new?utm_medium=job_board&utm_source=linkedIn","description":"Department: People Tech &amp; DevelopmentLocation: RemoteDescription🚀 About TabbyTabby creates financial freedom in the way people shop, earn and save by reshaping their relationship with money. Over 15 million users choose Tabby to stay in control of their spending and make the most out of their money.The company’s flagship offering allows shoppers to split their payments online and in-store with no interest or fees. Over 40,000 global brands and small businesses, including Amazon, Noon, IKEA, and SHEIN use Tabby to accelerate growth and gain loyal customers by offering easy and flexible payments online and in stores.Tabby generates over $10 billion in annual transaction volume for its partner brands and is the highest-rated, most-reviewed, largest, and fastest-growing FinTech in the GCC region.Tabby launched in 2019 and has since raised +$1 billion in equity and debt funding from global and regional investors, and is now valued at $3.3 billion.💼 About the roleWe’re looking for a Projects Lead to join Tabby’s People Tech &amp; Strategy team. You’ll drive company-critical People initiatives end-to-end—owning processes like onboarding/offboarding, performance &amp; budget reviews, engagement surveys, and policy readiness for IPO. You’ll turn ambiguous problems into clear BRDs, orchestrate delivery across Legal, Finance, Engineering, and People teams, and ship simple low-code tools that make our operations faster and smarter.This is a high-ownership, highly autonomous role. You’ll set the bar for execution pace, stakeholder management, and change adoption across Tabby.🔍 What You’ll Be DoingLead cross-functional People projects from problem definition to launch (onboarding/offboarding, leaders’ induction, learning programs, manpower budgeting, culture events).Own bi-annual Performance Review and Budget Review cycles end-to-end (timeline, tooling, comms, QA, reporting, retros).Write crisp BRDs and process specs for the development team and system analyst; translate business goals into requirements, edge cases, and success metrics.Build simple internal tools and automations with low-/no-code to remove toil and speed up workflows (forms, approvals, data checks, notifications, light integrations).Stand up and run recurring surveys (Pulse, Engagement, ad-hoc); manage tooling, sampling, dashboards, insights, and follow-up actions.Partner with Legal/Finance/Security to develop and maintain People policies required for IPO readiness; keep documentation current and audit-friendly.Produce lightweight, reliable project reporting (milestones, risks, decisions, adoption/quality metrics) and share updates with exec and functional stakeholders.🧠 What You’ll BringExperience in program/project management or technical product/ops roles, ideally in People Tech/HRIS, BizOps, or Business Systems.Familiarity with People processes (on/offboarding, performance &amp; compensation cycles, headcount planning, L&amp;D, engagement surveys).Proven track record leading complex, multi-stakeholder initiatives with fast timelines and visible business impact.Strong systems mindset: comfortable mapping processes, defining data flows, and spotting failure modes—even without writing code.Demonstrated ability to write excellent BRDs and process docs (scope, assumptions, non-goals, acceptance criteria, edge cases, success metrics).Hands-on with low-/no-code and admin consoles (e.g., HRIS, approvals/forms tools, basic integrations, dashboards); you enjoy configuring rather than escalating.Solid stakeholder management and communication skills—from ICs to execs; you make decisions, trade-offs, and timelines clear.Nice to HaveTooling familiarity with any of: Jira/Confluence, Notion, AppSheet/Airtable, Google Workspace, Looker/Looker Studio/BigQuery, Zapier/Make.Service design/process improvement certifications or frameworks (BPMN, Lean, ADKAR) are a plus.💡 Why You’ll Love Working at TabbyRelocation and EmploymentWe offer remote work from anywhere in the world (our schedule is based on Dubai time though) and are happy to work out an individual relocation plan for you.Our employees have the opportunity to choose a country for registration: at the moment those are Armenia, Georgia, Serbia, Portugal, Spain, UAE or fully remote.What you can expectWe offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.A working environment that gives you autonomy and responsibility from day one.You should be comfortable with the idea that the quality of your work will influence the shape of your career.Participation in the company’s employee stock options program.Why You’ll Love Working at TabbyYou’ll be part of a fast-growing team where ideas move fast and your work truly matters.You’ll help shape how data drives people strategy in a company where culture is everything.We offer competitive compensation, flexibility, and a no-BS, high-trust environment.You’ll join a smart, international team that’s curious, humble, and obsessed with building something great."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4294102479","title":"Senior Product Manager, Compliance","company":"Tabby | تابي","location":"Riyadh","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://tabby.pinpointhq.com/postings/d2ae3314-4774-45b0-9ab2-d3482f841d70/applications/new?utm_medium=job_board&utm_source=linkedIn","description":"Department: Business Platform, ProductLocation: RemoteDescriptionTabby creates financial freedom in the way people shop, earn and save by reshaping their relationship with money. Over 15 million users choose Tabby to stay in control of their spending and make the most out of their money.The company’s flagship offering allows shoppers to split their payments online and in-store with no interest or fees. Over 40,000 global brands and small businesses, including Amazon, Noon, IKEA, and SHEIN use Tabby to accelerate growth and gain loyal customers by offering easy and flexible payments online and in stores.Tabby generates over $10 billion in annual transaction volume for its partner brands and is the highest-rated, most-reviewed, largest, and fastest-growing FinTech in the GCC region.Tabby launched in 2019 and has since raised +$1 billion in equity and debt funding from global and regional investors, and is now valued at $3.3 billion.About the RoleWe are looking for a Senior Product Manager to lead the design and delivery of compliance and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) products, ensuring regulatory alignment across multiple jurisdictions (CBUAE, SAMA, FATF standards). The role will focus on building and scaling core compliance services that enable our business to detect, prevent, and respond to financial crime risks while providing seamless user experiences for internal teams and external stakeholders.The ideal candidate will combine strong product management skills with knowledge of compliance, AML/CFT, sanctions screening, and risk management frameworks.What you will be doingDefine and own the roadmap for Compliance &amp; AML products aligned with regulatory requirements and internal risk appetite.Translate compliance and AML/CFT regulations (CBUAE, SAMA, FATF) into product features and scalable workflows.Build and maintain a Compliance Management System for case handling, investigations, and audit trails.Partner with Risk, Compliance, and Engineering teams to design and deliver Customer Risk Assessment &amp; Transaction Monitoring rules and capabilities.Oversee the integration of sanction screening solutions for both real-time onboarding/transactions and offline batch scans.Launch and scale the Whistleblower service, ensuring anonymity, reporting workflows, and regulatory compliance.Automate compliance reporting across internal stakeholders and regulators, ensuring accuracy and timeliness.Collaborate cross-functionally with Legal, Risk, Finance, and Operations to ensure product adoption and compliance.Monitor performance of AML products (false positives, SLA, time-to-close cases) and drive continuous improvements.Act as subject matter expert for compliance/AML solutions in audits, inspections, and regulator discussions.What you will needExperience: 3+ years in Product Management, preferably in FinTech, Banking, or RegTech, with direct exposure to compliance/AML domains.Technical skills: Ability to read APIs, data models, workflow engines, and reporting automation tools.Analytical mindset: Comfortable working with data, defining KPIs, and building monitoring dashboards for compliance processes.Stakeholder management: Strong collaboration skills to align Legal, Compliance, Risk, and EngineeringCommunication: Clear, structured communicator able to explain complex regulatory concepts in business and product terms.Regulatory understanding: Familiarity with requirements of CBUAE, SAMA, FATF or global AML/CFT standards.Job BenefitsRelocation and EmploymentWe offer remote work from anywhere in the world (our schedule is based on Dubai time though) and are happy to work out an individual relocation plan for you.Our employees have the opportunity to choose a country for registration: at the moment those are Armenia, Georgia, Serbia, Portugal, Spain, UAE or remote.What you can expectWe offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.A working environment that gives you autonomy and responsibility from day one.You should be comfortable with the idea that the quality of your work will influence the shape of your career.Participation in the company’s employee stock options program.Health InsuranceWe are passionate about creating an inclusive, high-performing workplace that gives people from all backgrounds the support they need to thrive, grow, and meet their goals (whatever they may be).If this sounds exciting to you, we’d love to hear from you!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4303873969","title":"Technical Lead, Implementation Engineer (Remote - Dubai)","company":"Tealium","location":"San Diego","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://tealium.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Remote-Dubai/Technical-Lead\\u002d\\u002dImplementation-Engineer\\u002d\\u002dRemote\\u002d\\u002d-Dubai-_25-107-0801-XNew?source=LinkedIn","description":"When applying for roles at Tealium, please use our official careers page or LinkedIn company profile. All other sites where Tealium careers may appear may not be legitimate.Who We AreTealium is the trusted leader in real-time Customer Data Platforms (CDP), helping organizations unify their customer data to deliver more personalized, privacy-conscious experiences. As the demand for connected, intelligent customer engagement grows, Tealium’s leadership in CDP is translating directly into leadership in enabling enterprise AI strategies. By providing clean, consented, and actionable data, Tealium empowers its customers to accelerate the adoption of AI and machine learning, fueling smarter personalization, predictive insights, and business outcomes at scale.More than 800 leading global brands trust Tealium to power their customer data strategies and deliver real-time, personalized experiences at scale.Team Tealium has team members present in nearly 20 countries worldwide, serving customers across more than 30 countries. We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these. We are intentional about our WOWs (Ways of Work) culture, our investment in our team members, and how we care and connect.With An Extraordinary Portfolio Of Investors (including Georgian, Silver Lake Waterman, Battery, And Others) And Deep Industry Experience, Tealium Has The Financial Backing, Profitability, And Expertise To Continue To Outpace Competitors And Lead The Way In Innovation. Today, Tealium Holds Over 50 Patents, And a Few Of The Recent Industry Recognitions IncludeA Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms 2025 TrustRadius Award Winner: Buyer’s Choice2024 Invoca Partner Collaboration Award2024 G2 Leader in Tag Management &amp; Enterprise Data GovernanceTealium Customer Data Hub achieved the Top Rated Award by TrustRadius (2024)Named on Destination CRM’s 2024 Top 100 Technologies List for SalesNamed on the 2024 Best and Brightest in the Nation listBuiltIn’s 2024 Best Place to WorkWhat We Are Looking ForTealium is seeking a Technical Lead, Implementation Engineer. As part of our Professional Services team, you will play a critical role in helping customers unlock value from Tealium’s product suite. This hybrid role combines hands-on technical implementation, strategic consulting, and solution architecture, giving you the opportunity to act as a trusted advisor to customers throughout their onboarding and ongoing lifecycle.You will regularly engage with customers across your region, building strong relationships and driving adoption of Tealium’s solutions. Success in this role requires strong communication skills, strategic thinking, and hands-on technical expertise. You will collaborate closely with regional stakeholders in EMEA/MENA while being supported primarily by our UK-based EMEA team.This role offers the opportunity to work with leading global brands, expand your expertise across Tealium’s product ecosystem, and grow within a collaborative, high-performing Professional Services team.Please note, that this is a Professional Services role, not a Software Engineering role.YOUR DAY TO DAYImplementation &amp; Technical DeliveryLead the hands-on technical configuration, deployment, and validation of Tealium (iQ, AudienceStream, EventStream, DataAccess, Insights and all other products) for customers. This is primarily in-product (GUI) configuration.During implementation and project delivery, maintain a regular onsite presence to ensure visibility and engagement with customers.Write and debug performant, scalable JavaScript for tag management, data layer enrichment and server-side functionsTroubleshoot front-end issues including JavaScript tags, APIs, mobile SDKs, and network-level data discrepancies.Implement best-practice data strategies for event tracking, user identity resolution, customer data visualisations, segmentation building, and audience activation.Develop custom attributes and features for customers that generate robust visitor profiles that can be used for complex segmentation, advanced modeling, and AI training.Integrate Tealium with marketing and analytics tools for activation such as Google Suite (GA4, SA360, Ads), Adobe Suite (Analytics, Target, Experience Manager), Meta, Salesforce Suite (Marketing Cloud, CRM), Snowflake, DataBricks etc. This is primarily an in-product (GUI) configuration that uses pre-built tags and connectors.Consult on the data sources that send data into Tealium across the Customer’s multiple real-time engagement and data storage software including websites, mobile apps, data warehouses, call centers, etc, and set up inbound connections or workflows to pull data from these.Solution Consulting &amp; StrategyCollaborate with customers to translate business objectives into data strategy and solution design.Guide clients on customer data architecture, tag governance, and privacy-compliant data capture.Have a regular onsite presence on a recurring basis with these customers.Contribute to strategic planning sessions and workshops with client teams.Identify opportunities for expansion and future value across the Tealium product suite.Stay informed on the evolving role of AI in the Martech ecosystem, and support customers in preparing data infrastructure that enables AI-driven personalisation, insights, and automation.Cross-Regional CollaborationOperate with autonomy, and proactivity supporting customers in your region, while coordinating closely with the in-region team for training, escalations, and internal planning.Maintain clear, consistent communication via project management tools (e.g. Jira, Confluence) and remote collaboration tools (e.g. Zoom, Slack).Represent Tealium with cultural sensitivity and professionalism across diverse stakeholders in your region.Internal Enablement &amp; ContributionContribute to internal and customer-facing knowledge bases, playbooks, and documentation.Share insights and learnings from customer projects to improve internal tooling, processes, and delivery methodology.Participate in peer reviews, team stand-ups, and cross-functional projects within the broader Professional Services and Solutions Engineering teams. What You Bring To TealiumRequired: 1 to 2 years of experience with Tealium’s full product suite (iQ, AudienceStream, EventStream, DataAccess) or similar Digital Marketing technology.5+ years’ experience in a client-facing, technical implementation, solutions engineering, or Martech consulting role.Ability to travel to support customers and business operations.Proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and web debugging tools (Postman, Chrome DevTools, Proxies (Charles/Fiddler), etc.).Strong understanding of data layers, tag management systems, and event-based architecture.Experience with digital marketing and analytics platforms: Adobe Analytics, GA4, Google Tag Manager and Amplitude, etc.Experience with Journey Orchestration, Marketing Orchestration tools, e.g. SFMC, Braze, AEP, Bloomreach and MoEngage.Familiarity with REST APIs, server-side tracking, mobile SDKs, and data enrichment concepts.Exposure to privacy regulations (e.g. GDPR, CCPA) and consent management platforms.Experience working with data warehouses, SQL, or BI platforms is a plus.Experience working with dashboarding and visualisation platforms (e.g. Amazon Quicksight)Excellent communication skills — fluent in English, both written and verbal.Autonomous and self-motivated, especially when working remotely across time zones.Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field preferred.WAGE TRANSPARENCYIn several countries worldwide, including regions within the EMEA and APJ, employers are required or strongly encouraged to include salary ranges in job postings. While requirements vary by location, transparency is a core value at Tealium. We’re committed to providing clear and consistent compensation information to all applicants, regardless of location.This full-time position offers a base salary range of 400,000 to 500,000 AED annually. The final offer is determined by job-related skills, experience, and qualifications. The role may also be eligible for a performance-based bonus and equity options.WHY YOU WANT TO WORK HEREAt Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at TealiumMosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countriesTealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annuallyTealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environmentTealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants Tealium Time, paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidaysHealium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellnessTealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programsHealth and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programsCollectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.Offerings vary by level and location."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4309553835","title":"Partner Success (France)","company":"Transit","location":"Montreal","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://transitapp.com/jobs/partner-success-manager-(france)","description":"Oh France! A country that has it all. The beaches. The mountains. The medieval châteaux. The fragrant cheese. The boulevards filled with flâneurs on bicycles and buses and trams, fresh baguettes popping out of their tote bags, pétanque balls ready to be deployed at a moment’s notice.France is also paradise on earth for public transportation nerds — no surprise, considering it’s where they invented the bus. Which is where you come in! As the first member of our service delivery team focused entirely on France, you’ll acquaint yourself with the local mobility terroir, memorize the infinite acronyms (AOT! AOM! IDFM! RATP! SNCF!) down to the letter, develop relationships with our growing stable of potes (like Keolis, Linead, Azalys, Pays de la Loire, SITAC, and others) and establish Transit as the premier cru of partners for all things “mobilité” in France.By making those partners stronger, whether by unlocking better transit ETAs for their riders, tracking diversions big and small with automatic detour detection, by improving rider satisfaction scores via rider surveys, or enriching partner’s web trip planners, apps, and internal tools with our suite of APIs, we’ve become the trusted associate of 180+ transport companies across the world, and the trusted app of millions of daily riders. Hoo-ha!Now, with you in the booth, we can help our French partners get even more out of their relationship with Transit. You’ll be on the phones, on the emails, and on the TGVs, building close relationships with operators and AOM partners, and championing their voice within the company. You’ll make sure no question, concern, or suggestion is left unanswered — in a single week, you’ll chase down answers to API issues, GTFS data bugs, operational snags (e.g., when a system is snagged by a strike or disruption), and be the trusted ambassador for Transit in the Hexagon.Sound like a plan? Merveilleux! Here’s what we need on your end…📝 ResponsibilitiesYou’ll help get new French partners on the train, and keep it moving. France is one of Transit’s fastest-growing markets — our partners range from small regional authorities operating buses for a few thousand people, to large, multi-region giants that help millions of people get around. You’ll make sure each partner feels at home at Transit and own these relationships. From the intricacies of onboarding, to sharing best practices, to day-to-day relationship maintenanceMake sure your partners are well supported: you’ll be their first line of defense for issues, and their trusted confidant for feature requests, questions, concerns, and partnership improvementsMake partners love us: you’ll use regular calls, emails, and visits as a way to build rapport and trust, and develop a sixth sense for anticipating issues — ones that Transit’s software can solve before anyone elseKeep partners informed: you’ll develop a mastery of our features and enterprise tools (including our unreleased ones 🤫). You’ll know each of our French partner’s core strengths, areas for improvement, and how Transit might be able to speed improvements alongBe our eyes and ears for France: you’ll share insights on operational challenges, anticipate needs, and recommend solutions that set us up for successful long-term partnershipsEducate various partner teams (marketing, IT, operations, etc) and make it easy for them to help themselves. You’ll hold our French partners by the hand whenever it’s necessary, in order to get them up to speed, share best practices, and answer their frequently-asked questionsDevelop strong ties across Transit’s organization, particularly with our user support team, communication people, GTFS fanaticos, and web/mobile devs, so we can resolve technical and non-technical challenges with speed and aplombAs time allows: pitch in on needs for emerging French and European markets. This may involve setting up pilots, attending the occasional conference, hunting down RFPs, giving presentations, etc.Be the voice of our partners within the company! The service delivery team is responsible for amplifying the ‘Voice of the Customer’ within Transit. Your role will make you the voice of some VIP customers (e.g. a transport authority’s Director of Marketing, or Head of Customer Experience). You’ll champion French partner needs in internal discussions, and be Transit’s eyes and ears for strategic developments within partner organizations✅ RequirementsAt least 5 years in B2B or B2C support, customer success, account management, consulting, and/or the gumption to convince us that you’d be great for the job. Preference for someone with public transport experience, be it at an authority, or elsewhereWe're looking for someone who is a self-starter and can manage their own workload with minimal supervision. The ideal candidate will be highly-highly organized, and able to prioritize tasks effectively to meet deadlinesYou can read rooms, chat up the right people, convince them to tell you what they really thinkYou’re an empath™ attuned to the highs and lows that folks around you are feeling, with a knack for knowing when (and how) to helpYou’re passionate about teaching, explaining, and presentingExcellent written and verbal communication skills in French, and professional fluency in English (~B2 level) so you can work with Transit partners who aren’t based in France or QuebecTech-savvy: you aren’t a programmer, but you also don’t have a problem grokking Transit’s various bells and whistlesYou’re not afraid of Excel or playing around with data, graphs, and chartsPassion for urbanism: you love exploring cities by foot and by bike, you can navigate your city’s public transit system without a map, and you believe free parking should only ever exist on a Monopoly boardYou’re in France! Ideally based out of Paris or Bordeaux (our employees have a small but mighty presence there!)💯 Would be nice ifPolyglot! The more languages you can speak, write and understand, the betterStartup experience: at Transit, life comes at you fast. You’ll have to work well under uncertainty, imperfect information, and goal posts that will occasionally shiftYou have experience working in the public sector or with government partners. (You don’t need to have worked at a transit authority or operator , but it would be a giant plus.)Don’t feel like all the requirements apply to you but you still think you’d be a great fit for Transit? Don’t hesitate to apply!💰 Compensation and benefits€40,000 - €50,000 per year, based on experienceStock options5 weeks vacationFour-day work week at full-time salary (yes, you read that right)Apple laptop and equipmentA training and development budgetGenerous maternal/paternal/parental leave policy. Gotta fill out our tandem bicycles somehow!Flexible work hoursSpend your days surrounded by first-rate teammates and the best view of Montreal and/or [insert exotic Zoom background]When you’re in the office: you’ll be in urbanist heaven, surrounded by Mile End’s urban gardens, bike paths, BIXI docks, bus stops, a metro station, and limitless restaurants… cafés… bars… concert halls… bagel boutiques…Communal lunch-and-learn with free food in the office each week👨 💻 A note on diversityPublic transit is used by overwhelmingly more women and people of colour than other modes of transportation. We try to make sure the diversity of our users is reflected in the team that serves them. Because when we include people of all races, genders, sexual orientations, ages, and identities — we end up building a better app for everyone who uses Transit.We encourage candidates of all ages, genders, origins and orientations to apply. If you’d like to specify which pronouns you use, feel free to include that in your application email.And if your lived experience has given you a unique perspective on all things transportation, mobility, accessibility, urbanism? Let us know, and we’ll make sure your application gets the attention it merits.📬 How to applySend your resume to jobs+partnersuccess@transitapp.com along a quick summary of who you are and why you’re interested in the role. We look forward to meeting you!PS: When you apply, let us know how you heard about the position! Whispers, grapevines, middle-of-the-night Google searches? We’re dying to know.PPS: Unfortunately, we don't accept in-person applications or singing telegrams. Make your application sing instead!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4097296813","title":"Field Marketing Director","company":"Veeva Systems","location":"Pleasanton","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://veevasystems.contacthr.com/145148641","description":"Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.As a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.Join us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.The RoleVeeva is seeking a Field Marketing Director to help drive our integrated marketing efforts across Europe. You’ll work cross-functionally with the Marketing team and senior executives in a fast-paced and rapidly growing market. This opportunity is for an innovative marketing leader who takes full ownership, is a team player, and knows how to deliver results.What You'll DoBuild, inspire, and lead a marketing function that delivers against marketing goals, with clearly defined roles, career paths, succession plans, and employee success strategiesTranslate Veeva’s goals into effective integrated marketing strategies and campaigns for key geographies, product lines, and customer segments that support the achievement of quarterly and annual goalsWork cross-functionally with Sales, Sales Enablement, Strategy, Product Marketing, Creative Services/Digital, Customer Marketing, and Marketing Ops teams to ensure optimal orchestration and effectiveness of marketing programsRequirements10+ years of enterprise software marketing experienceSelf-directed and able to manage multiple projects under aggressive timelines and expectationsGrowth mindset and a team player with a positive attitudeExperience in managing quarterly and annual budgetsNice to HaveSaaS experienceLife sciences industry experience a plusPerks &amp; BenefitsHuge opportunity for career progressionIncredible support from the wider team and a best-in-class tech stack to help you be successful in your roleWork anywhere policy – Yes, you can utilize our office spaces or work remotely when you need toDon't just take our word for it; apply here and find out more!#RemoteFranceVeeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.As an equal opportunity employer, Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4214995002","title":"Strategy Director - OpenData","company":"Veeva Systems","location":"Pleasanton","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://veevasystems.contacthr.com/147263730","description":"Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.As a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.Join us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.The RoleVeeva Systems is looking to hire a strategy leader to rebuild the data foundation for the life sciences industry with OpenData, our customer reference data product. We are looking for a strong data expert and leader who can navigate the convergence of sales, marketing, products, and services into a cohesive vision for the market. This position will be responsible for the long-term success of Veeva OpenData by working across teams to drive results.What You'll DoEvangelize the value of Veeva OpenData to transform the industry’s data foundation Build relationships with executives responsible for data and analytics to drive key deals in partnership with sales teams Define and own clear value proposition metrics for different customer segmentsTake responsibility for customer success and run key projects that have strategic importanceBuild customer relationships to share back the voice of the customer and support the Veeva OpenData product team Provide research and analysis to support the creation of thought leadership and point-of-view reports, white papers, articles, blog posts, tweets, and presentationsRequirements5+ years professional experience with at least 3-5 years in technology or management consulting working or at a master data management software companyDeep expertise in life sciences with a core competency in data strategy or master data managementStrong ownership, drive, and independence Strong communication skills with different audiences Ability to build relationships with data, analytics, and business leaders Good teamwork skills, especially with colleagues from other disciplinesTravel up to 50%Nice to HaveLanguages in addition to EnglishPerks &amp; BenefitsVeeva charitable giving programHealth and wellness programsOpportunity for rapid progression and personal growthVeeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.As an equal opportunity employer, Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4291936481","title":"Technical Lead Product Certification Cybersecurity","company":"BSI","location":"London","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://wd3.myworkdaysite.com/en-US/recruiting/bsigroup/BSI_Careers/job/United-Kingdom/Technical-Lead-Product-Certification-Cybersecurity_JR0018461-1?source=LinkedIn+Job","description":"We exist to create positive change for people and the planet. Join us and make a difference too!Job title: Technical Lead - Cybersecurity Reports to: Global Head of Digital Trust, Product Certification (PC)Location: Homebased in UK or elsewhere in EuropeTravel: The role will involve occasional travel, both national &amp; international.The Purpose Of The RoleBSI exists to have a positive impact on society, one of the ways we do that is through product certification. Our work helps our client access markets, comply, innovate &amp; differentiate through certification.  With the increasing global regulatory focus &amp; demand on cybersecurity for connected products and services, we are expanding our technical leadership in PC cybersecurity, ensuring our clients meet both current and upcoming requirements worldwide effectively.Our Technical Lead - Cybersecurity will be the go-to expert driving the research, development, &amp; the launch of cutting-edge product cybersecurity certification services aligned with BSI’s strategy. You will help to shape the future of BSI cybersecurity compliance services for connected consumer, industrial, and medical products, as well as for digital identity and trust service providers. Bringing together technical excellence and business insight, you will help clients navigate today’s complex regulations &amp; prepare for the standards &amp; frameworks of tomorrow.This role combines product cybersecurity expertise on certification areas &amp; practical knowledge of the different global product cybersecurity standards and related regulations, as well as the ability to understand new test standards &amp; certification frameworks for product cybersecurity compliance at global scale.This role is crucial in helping our clients to bring secure connected products and services to market and comply with evolving cybersecurity regulations. The individual will leverage technical expertise to perform in-depth regulations and frameworks assessment, offer strategic testing &amp; evaluation guidance where needed, contributing to our reputation as a trusted authority in product cybersecurity certification.The Successful Applicant Willhave thorough knowledge of a range of global cybersecurity regulations.have practical experience in delivering assessment service to relevant standards etc for IoT. For example: ETSI EN 303 645, ETSI TS 103 701, EN 18031, IEC 62443, UL2900, eIDAS 2 and Digital Wallet (ESSENTIAL)have knowledge of CE and UKCA marking &amp; the associated frameworks.have specific knowledge of the Radio Equipment Directive 2014/53/EU, and delegated regulation (EU) 2022/30understand the conformity assessment processes under ISO/IEC 17065 &amp; have experience of interacting with ISO/IEC 17025 test laboratoriesKey Responsibilities &amp; AccountabilitiesTo serve as the primary technical authority for PC cybersecurity schemes (ETSI EN 303 645, RED Delegated Act, EU Cyber Resilience Act, Industrial Cybersecurity IEC 62443, Medical Product Cybersecurity, Software Cybersecurity and eIDAS 2.0/ Digital Wallet), providing technical thought leadership for product cybersecurity certification.To represent BSI in the pertinent technical and industry forums for PC cybersecurityTo lead the cybersecurity regulations and frameworks assessment activities required by the company strategy.To research and identify new potential business areas to be added to BSI PC cybersecurity strategyTo provide support to ensure certification activities comply with ISO/IEC 17065 requirements, accreditation requirements and internal quality procedures.To support sales teams with technical input for proposals, tenders, and key account discussions. To lead the technical interpretation of standards, regulations, and certification criteria for connected products.The position will also occasionally require attendance at trade shows, trade and technical committee meetings and there will be a requirement for occasional overseas travelDo you believe the world deserves excellence? As the leading global business standards company BSI helps 80,000 clients worldwide to improve their businesses. From business continuity to recycling waste, from medical devices to the exploration of space, we help businesses embed the habits of excellence so that they perform better, manage their risks more effectively and achieve sustainable growth and in doing so we touch the lives of many across the globe.Our Excellence Behaviours: Client-centric, Agile, Collaborative. These three behaviours represent how we do things at BSI. They help us ensure that BSI is a great place to work and a highly successful business.D&amp;I Policy BSI is committed to ensuring the diversity of our workforce reflects that of our clients and the communities in which we operate. Our goal is to create a sense of belonging for all employees by providing opportunities to develop, grow, and engage with our global organization all while having fun doing great work. BSI is a community where everyone can thrive.If you require any reasonable accommodations to be made on account of a disability or impairment throughout out our recruiting process, please inform your Talent Acquisition Partner.About UsBSI is a business improvement and standards company and for over a century BSI has been recognized for having a positive impact on organizations and society, building trust and enhancing lives.Today BSI partners with more than 77,500 clients in 195 countries and engages with a 15,000 strong global community of experts, industry and consumer groups, organizations and governments.Utilizing its extensive expertise in key industry sectors - including automotive, aerospace, built environment, food and retail, and healthcare - BSI delivers on its purpose by helping its clients fulfil theirs.Living by our core values of Client-Centricity, Agility, and Collaboration, BSI provides organizations with the confidence to grow by partnering with them to tackle society’s critical issues – from climate change to building trust in digital transformation and everything in between - to accelerate progress towards a better society and a sustainable world.BSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer dedicated to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4310693783","title":"ATR - Material Operations Performance Manager (H/F) - AVIONS DE TRANSPORT REGIONAL (ATR) GIE","company":"AEROCONTACT","location":"Paris","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.aerocontact.com/emploi-aeronautique/atr-material-operations-performance-manager-hf~1024171.html?fromref=linkedin","description":"Job Description:  About us ATR is the world's number one aircraft manufacturer in regional aviation providing a new generation of turboprops. We are a joint venture between two European aeronautical heavyweights, Airbus and Leonardo. From the world’s largest cities to our planet’s most remote regions, our purpose is to deliver air travel to people, communities and businesses in an innovative, sustainable and modern way. If you strive for excellence, are driven by ambition, trust and respect as we are, then get your career off to a flighting start with ATR! Our leadership profile: People Centric Entrepreneurial Inspiring Exemplary Innovative Humble  At ATR y ou will work with passionate colleagues to make a difference in a human size company with attractive advantages! We are looking for Material Operations Performance Manager to come onboard in our Customer Support &amp; Service  Directorate  in Soréo’s team: a team of 4 collaborators! Your Mission You will play a key role within the Operations Control Center as Material Operations Performance Manager, at the crossroads of continuous improvement, digitalization, and operational support. By turning data into insights, coordinating transversal initiatives, and driving innovative solutions, you will directly contribute to improving our delivery performance, customer satisfaction, and the overall efficiency of the Materials &amp; Services Directorate.Continuous Improvement - Material Performance :Take ownership of the publication and coordination of the key Material KPIs, ensuring consistency and reliability.Detect inefficiencies and lead transversal analyses to address the most critical performance gaps.Animate and drive our SEED program (Solutions of Enhancement, Empowerment and Development), acting as a catalyst for Service Level (OTD) improvements.Ensure robust root cause analysis of non-performance, identify quick wins and/or projects to restore performance.Provide dedicated support to customer-facing teams with tailored analyses when needed.Prepare and deliver Material Performance reporting and insights to ATR’s top management.Be the Lean &amp; Continuous Improvement focal point of the department, organizing workshops and promoting best practices.Digitalization : Shape and enhance our performance monitoring tools by developing automated dashboards and KPIs, mainly with Power BI and Excel VBA.Proactively identify or collect new digital needs across the department and implement innovative solutions.Act as the bridge between IT and operations: structure business/operations requests, ensure prioritization, and secure alignment across stakeholders through dedicated committees.Foster digital culture within the team by promoting automation and new ways of working.Operational Support :Support the team in crisis management by managing a portfolio of critical part numbers (PN), ensuring daily arbitration and allocation.Lead or contribute to operational projects when required.About YouField of study: Continuous Improvement, Supply Chain Management, Business Administration, or a related field.Minimum of 5 years’ experience in supply chain, customer support, continuous improvement, or digital transformation roles.Strong expertise in Power BI and Excel VBA (must-have).Knowledge of Lean methodologies - a Lean Green Belt certification would be a strong asset.Familiarity with Power Automate and SAP is a plus.Proven ability to coordinate transversal initiatives and drive change across multiple stakeholders.Excellent communication skills in French and English (written and spoken), with the ability to simplify complex topics and engage diverse audiences.Recognized for your analytical rigor, adaptability in crisis contexts, problem-solving mindset, and curiosity for digital solutions.A true team player, joining a group of 5 passionate colleagues (including your manager), where collaboration and shared success are key.... but above all, you are ready to take off with us to keep connecting communities and businesses and provide the best possible products and support to our customers! Our Recruitment Process Soreo will contact youInnovative and digital assessmentTo get to know you better: interview Soreo then with our Hr Recruiter What we offer  Highly competitive compensation package  (profit and success sharing, employee savings plan...)   Work-life balance  (remote working, 6th week of paid leave, additional days off for family events...)  Well-being / health  (supplementary health &amp; welfare coverage...)  Career paths  enabling employees to develop their skills and build a professional project  Wide choice of development programs  for soft and hard skills  CSE:  ATR (family and employee events) and Airbus CSE (travel, vacation camps ...)  Diversity and inclusion: Over 1200 men &amp; women with more than 35 different nationalities work together in our teams !ATR is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.  A propos d'ATR ATR est le premier constructeur mondial d'avions régionaux et propose une nouvelle génération de turbopropulseurs. Nous sommes une filiale de deux poids lourds de l'aéronautique européenne, Airbus et Leonardo. Des plus grandes villes du monde aux régions les plus reculées de notre planète, notre objectif est d'assurer le transport aérien des personnes, des communautés et des entreprises d'une manière innovante, durable et moderne.Si vous recherchez l'excellence, si vous êtes animé par l'ambition, la confiance et le respect, alors faites décoller votre carrière avec ATR ! Notre Leadership Profile : Centré(e) sur l’humain un esprit entrepreneur inspirant(e) exemplaire innovant(e) humbleVous travaillerez avec des collègues passionnés pour faire la différence dans une entreprise à taille humaine avec des avantages attractifs ! Nous recherchons un Material Operations Performance Manager pour rejoindre notre Direction du Support et du Services au sein de l'équipe de Soréo : une équipe de 4 collaborateurs ! Votre mission Vous jouerez un rôle clé au sein de l’Operations Control Center en tant que Material Operations Performance Manager, à la croisée de l’amélioration continue, de la digitalisation et du support opérationnel. En transformant les données en leviers d’action, en coordonnant des initiatives transverses et en impulsant des solutions innovantes, vous contribuerez directement à améliorer notre performance de livraison, la satisfaction de nos clients et l’efficacité globale de la Direction Materials &amp; Services.Amélioration continue - Material Performance :Assurer la publication et/ou la coordination des KPI clés du domaine Material, en garantissant leur fiabilité et leur cohérence.Détecter les inefficacités et piloter des analyses transverses pour traiter les écarts de performance les plus critiques.Animer et porter le programme SEED (Solutions of Enhancement, Empowerment and Development), en véritable catalyseur d’amélioration du Service Level (OTD).Garantir des analyses robustes des causes racines de non-performance, identifier les quick wins et/ou structurer des projets pour rétablir la performance.Apporter un support ciblé aux équipes en interface client avec des analyses ad hoc adaptées.Préparer et présenter les reportings de performance matérielle et les recommandations associées au top management d’ATR.Être le référent Lean &amp; Amélioration Continue du département, en organisant des workshops et en diffusant les meilleures pratiques.Digitalisation : Développer et améliorer nos outils de pilotage de la performance en créant et automatisant des dashboards et KPI, principalement via Power BI et Excel VBA.Identifier de manière proactive (ou collecter) les nouveaux besoins digitaux du département et mettre en place des solutions innovantes.Agir comme en tant que lien entre IT et opérations : structurer les demandes métiers, en assurer la priorisation et garantir l’alignement des parties prenantes via des comités dédiés.Développer la culture digitale de l’équipe en promouvant l’automatisation et de nouvelles façons de travailler.Support opérationnel : Contribuer à la gestion de crise supply chain en pilotant un portefeuille de références critiques (PN), en assurant l’arbitrage et l’allocation quotidienne.Mener ou participer à des projets opérationnels ponctuels selon les besoins. A propos de vous Domaines d’études : Amélioration Continue, Supply Chain Management, Management ou domaine connexe.Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en supply chain, support client, amélioration continue ou transformation digitale.Excellente maîtrise de Power BI et Excel VBA (indispensable).Connaissance des méthodologies Lean - une certification Lean Green Belt serait un atout majeur.La maîtrise de Power Automate et de SAP est un plus.Capacité avérée à coordonner des initiatives transverses et à conduire le changement auprès de multiples parties prenantes.Excellentes compétences en communication en français et en anglais, à l’écrit comme à l’oral, avec la capacité de vulgariser des sujets complexes et de mobiliser des publics variés.Reconnu(e) pour votre rigueur analytique, votre adaptabilité en contexte de crise, votre esprit de résolution de problèmes et votre curiosité pour les solutions digitales.Véritable « team player », vous rejoignez un groupe de 5 collègues passionnés (dont votre manager), où collaboration et succès collectif sont essentiel... Mais surtout, vous êtes prêt à prendre votre envol avec nous pour continuer à connecter les communautés et les entreprises et à fournir les meilleurs produits ainsi que le meilleur soutien possible à nos clients ! Notre processus de recrutement Vous serez contacté(e) par Soréo Évaluation innovante et numériquePour apprendre à vous connaître : entretien avec Soréo et ensuite avec notre RH Recruiter Ce que nous vous offrons  Une rémunération très compétitive (prime d’intéressement et de participation, plan d'épargne salariale...) Un équilibre entre vie personnelle et vie professionnelle (télétravail, congés évènements familiaux...) Bien-être / santé (couverture complémentaire santé &amp; prévoyance...) Des parcours de carrières permettant aux salariés de développer leurs compétences et de construire un projet professionnel Large choix de programmes de développement pour les soft skills et hard skills CSE : ATR (événements familiaux et salariés) et Airbus CSE (voyages, colonies de vacances...) Diversité : Environ 1200 hommes et femmes de plus de 35 nationalités différentes travaillent ensemble au sein de nos équipes !ATR s'engage à assurer la diversité de son personnel et à créer un environnement de travail inclusif. Nous accueillons toutes les candidatures sans distinction d'origine sociale et culturelle, d'âge, de sexe, de handicap, d'orientation sexuelle ou de croyance religieuse . This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.Company: Avions de Transport Regional (ATR) GIEContract Type:Permanent ----- Classe Emploi (France): Classe F12Experience Level:ProfessionalJob Family:Improvement &amp; Performance Management By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief. Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com . At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4072030833","title":"Enterprise Account Executive","company":"Creatio","location":"Boston","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.creatio.com/company/careers/job-openings/enterprise-account-executive-2?source=LinkedIn","description":"Creatio is a global vendor of an AI-native platform to automate workflows and CRM with no-code and a maximum degree of freedom. Our platform combines an AI-first architecture, composable no-code tools, and enterprise-grade governance to help organizations build and scale faster.We’re proud to be recognized by top industry analysts as a Leader and Strong Performer in multiple Gartner and Forrester reports.In 2025, Creatio was named to Inc.’s Best Workplaces list, recognizing our commitment to employee wellbeing and a strong workplace culture.The OpportunityFor the role of Enterprise Account Executive (Middle East), we are seeking an experienced field sales professional to help us scale the number of Enterprises that use the Creatio platform. Candidates must have experience building and developing a territory to high performance within an innovative SaaS technology provider. Successful candidates will help to build a portfolio of business within the top target enterprises in their territory. Successful candidates will need to drive their own activity and build a funnel while being supported by the broader Creatio organization of diverse and executive, product, and technical teams.The role is based in the Middle East (Dubai).Our targets are ambitious, and we are seeking engaging, collaborative, successful Enterprise Account Executives who have the skills, experience, and track record to make an immediate impact. We’re fast-paced, innovative, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything and have a lot of fun along the way.ResponsibilitiesDeliver against revenue targets and all key performance metricsGenerate new business opportunities on an assigned territory, manage pipeline, opportunities, forecasting, and other items related to a normal outside sales functionManage the end-to-end enterprise sales process and resource to create and execute winning solution sales strategiesEstablish relationships with VP/C-level buyers (Business and IT)Develop and orchestrate sales presentations and product demonstrationsFocus on new logo acquisition and manage relationships with the existing accounts to identify opportunities for cross and up-salesAbility to work with all customer functions including executive-level personnel, various customer stakeholders, architecture, operations, design, vendor management, innovation, sourcing, and customer procurementDesired Skills And ExperienceMinimum 5 years of experience working within enterprise SaaS platform sales to large enterprisesProven track record of meeting quarterly and annual targetsDeep understanding of executive-level Enterprise and/or Global Account sales and methodologiesSuperb written and verbal communications and organizational skills4-year degree required, with technical curiosity and desire to learnExperience with CRM/BPM software space is strongly preferredFluency in English and ArabicWhat You Should Expect From UsPowerful award-winning productFocus on making our clients successful (NPS score – 42%)Dedicated leadership with open doorsA steady stream of inbound leads (though we expect you to generate your own leads as well)A collaborative environment where everybody is happy to help"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4067805602","title":"Enterprise Account Executive","company":"Creatio","location":"Boston","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.creatio.com/company/careers/job-openings/enterprise-account-executive-KSA?source=LinkedIn","description":"Creatio is a global vendor of an AI-native platform to automate workflows and CRM with no-code and a maximum degree of freedom. Our platform combines an AI-first architecture, composable no-code tools, and enterprise-grade governance to help organizations build and scale faster.We’re proud to be recognized by top industry analysts as a Leader and Strong Performer in multiple Gartner and Forrester reports.In 2025, Creatio was named to Inc.’s Best Workplaces list, recognizing our commitment to employee wellbeing and a strong workplace culture.For the role of Enterprise Account Executive (KSA), we are seeking an experienced field sales professional to help us scale the number of Enterprises that use the Creatio platform. Candidates must have experience building and developing a territory to high performance within an innovative SaaS technology provider. Successful candidates will help to build a portfolio of business within the top target enterprises in their territory. Successful candidates will need to drive their own activity and build a funnel while being supported by the broader Creatio organization of diverse and executive, product, and technical teams.The role is based in Riyadh (KSA) and will report to the Regional Sales Director MEA (based in Dubai).Our targets are ambitious, and we are seeking engaging, collaborative, successful Enterprise Account Executives who have the skills, experience, and track record to make an immediate impact. We’re fast-paced, innovative, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything and have a lot of fun along the way.ResponsibilitiesDeliver against revenue targets and all key performance metrics.Generate new business opportunities on an assigned territory, manage pipeline, opportunities, forecasting, and other items related to a normal outside sales function.Manage the end-to-end enterprise sales process and resource to create and execute winning solution sales strategies.Establish relationships with VP/C-level buyers (Business and IT).Develop and orchestrate sales presentations and product demonstrations.Focus on new logo acquisition and manage relationships with the existing accounts to identify opportunities for cross and up-sales.Ability to work with all customer functions including executive-level personnel, various customer stakeholders, architecture, operations, design, vendor management, innovation, sourcing, and customer procurement.Desired Skills And ExperienceMinimum 5 years of experience working within enterprise SaaS platform sales to large enterprisesProven track record of meeting quarterly and annual targetsDeep understanding of executive-level Enterprise and/or Global Account sales and methodologiesSuperb written and verbal communications and organizational skills4-year degree required, with technical curiosity and desire to learnExperience with CRM/BPM software space is strongly preferredFluency in English and native ArabicWhat You Should Expect From UsThe award-winning product (a Leader in Gartner Quadrants) to be proud of.Focus on making our clients successful (NPS score – 42%).Dedicated leadership with open doors.Steady stream of inbound leads (though we expect you to generate your own leads as well).Collaborative environment where everybody is happy to help.A remote-first hybrid model: while giving plenty of space for concentration and personal working habits, we encourage regular meetings in one of our five hubs worldwide.Culture of genuine care, ownership, dedication, and high standards (learn more here).A vibrant corporate life: enjoy the opportunity to explore your teammates' cultures in online and offline events, participate in sports competitions, enjoy art master classes, and create your new favorite memories at our parties.Creatio offers all team members competitive pay.Paid leave options for life-qualifying events, sicknesses, etc."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4302552995","title":"Corporate Account Executive - France","company":"HubSpot","location":"Cambridge","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.hubspot.com/careers/jobs/5986216?gh_jid=5986216&gh_src=240b46771","description":"HubSpot Philosophy and ProductWe believe the world has changed. We see businesses using more kinds of software, not less, that all needs to work together. To help our customers grow better in this environment, HubSpot is evolving from an “all-in-one” suite into an “all-on-one” platform.HubSpot is a set of tools that supports a companies customer facing teams including Marketing, Sales and Service helping them to optimize each stage of the buyer’s journey and grow their business.HubSpot’s flywheel philosophy uses the momentum of happy customers to drive referrals and repeat sales for our customers. We’ve also invested in an integrations ecosystem that helps customers do more with HubSpot and creates real value for people who adopt our suite of software.We are actively hiring for a Corporate Account Executive; candidates are eligible to be office, flex or remotely located in France based on individual preference! Please check out this article for more context: The Future of Work at HubSpot: How We're Building a Hybrid Company.Your Role at HubSpot As a Corporate Account Executive at HubSpot you will be engaging directly with medium to corporate sized businesses, helping them to grow. You will use proactive and inbound selling strategies to find and close new business, and increase the customer's usage of the HubSpot platform over time. You will use your knowledge of digital transformation and change management to act as a trusted advisor and business consultant to the customer, running the sales process end to end with themWhat are the responsibilities of a Corporate Account Executive?Develop and be responsible for your own annual, quarterly and monthly territory business planFind new prospects from both inbound and self-sourced leads Run qualification calls with C- level executives and department leaders Close both new business and install base at or above quota on a monthly cadenceSell through internal champions to multiple stakeholders, as well as directly to C -level Work collaboratively with HubSpot's marketing and technology departments to evolve our sales strategy when new features and products are introduced Run online and occasionally in person product demonstrationsAnswer Legal, Security and Procurement questionnaires and RFPSell the full growth platform, heavily weighted towards the Enterprise license Liaise with internal HubSpot stakeholders such as Legal, Finance and Security to solve for the more complex contract requirements of our Corporate customers What are the role requirements?Candidates must be based in France5+ years of Closing Sales experienceFluency in English &amp; FrenchUnmatched consultative selling and closing skillsAccurate forecasting and pipeline managementTrack record of being a high performer (e.g. over quota, President's Club)A sharp focus on your goals and a strong approach for achieving themWho excels in this role?Top performers in the Corporate Account Executive position usually have:Strong communication, time management and adaptability in order to be set up for success remotelyExperience working in a high-growth, \"scale up\" environmentPassion for helping businesses grow and curiosity about the tech industryHumility and enthusiasm in their work What are some of the benefits of working at HubSpot?Generous remuneration and stock unitsInteractive employee training and onboarding Health coverage for you and your familyAmazing colleagues to learn from and enjoy company social outings, parties, and eventsPlease note: This is a role that we hire on an ongoing basis throughout the year. If you choose to apply for this role, your information will be reviewed by our recruiting team and we will reach out to you if your background matches an opening at this time or in the future.Interested in learning more about our Remote Program? Learn more here! Please note: This is a role that we hire on an ongoing basis throughout the year. If you choose to apply for this role, your information will be reviewed by our recruiting team and we will reach out to you if your background matches an opening at this time or in the future.We know the confidence gap and impostor syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you.If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us using this form.At HubSpot, we value both flexibility and connection. Whether you’re a Remote employee or work from the Office, we want you to start your journey here by building strong connections with your team and peers. If you are joining our Engineering team, you will be required to attend a regional HubSpot office for in-person onboarding. If you join our broader Product team, you’ll also attend other in-person events such as your Product Group Summit and other gatherings to continue building on those connections.If you require an accommodation due to travel limitations or other reasons, please inform your recruiter during the hiring process. We are committed to supporting candidates who may need alternative arrangementsMassachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.Germany Applicants: (m/f/d) - link to HubSpot's Career Diversity page here.India Applicants: link to HubSpot India's equal opportunity policy here.About HubSpotHubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is an AI-powered customer platform with all the software, integrations, and resources customers need to connect marketing, sales, and service. HubSpot's connected platform enables businesses to grow faster by focusing on what matters most: customers.At HubSpot, bold is our baseline. Our employees around the globe move fast, stay customer-obsessed, and win together. Our culture is grounded in four commitments: Solve for the Customer, Be Bold, Learn Fast, Align, Adapt &amp; Go!, and Deliver with HEART. These commitments shape how we work, lead, and grow.We’re building a company where people can do their best work. We focus on brilliant work, not badge swipes. By combining clarity, ownership, and trust, we create space for big thinking and meaningful progress. And we know that when our employees grow, our customers do too.Recognized globally for our award-winning culture by Comparably, Glassdoor, Fortune, and more, HubSpot is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with employees and offices around the world.Explore MoreHubSpot CareersLife at HubSpot on InstagramBy submitting your application, you agree that HubSpot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Refer to HubSpot's Recruiting Privacy Notice for details on data processing and your rights."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4302564368","title":"Senior Manager of Marketing, France","company":"HubSpot","location":"Cambridge","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.hubspot.com/careers/jobs/6802203?gh_jid=6802203&gh_src=240b46771","description":"POS-19387Please submit an updated resume in English. As the Head of Marketing for France, you will lead our regional marketing team in France. Being part of the EMEA Marketing team, your primary responsibility will be to implement the EMEA go-to-market strategy in the region, ensuring strategic alignment and local adaptation of GTM motions in France.A key component of this role is collaborating with both the EMEA team and Central marketing teams to ensure cohesive strategy execution while pioneering innovative AI applications in our marketing approach. Reporting to the Senior Director of EMEA Marketing, you will also work closely with local sales and customer success teams to integrate AI-driven insights into customer engagement strategies.You will spearhead hands-on execution of marketing initiatives that drive revenue in France while tailoring central programs for regional effectiveness and identifying opportunities to implement cutting-edge AI solutions that elevate our marketing capabilities.ResponsibilitiesLead a team of marketers focused on executing EMEA GTM strategies adapted for the French market.Develop and launch multi-channel campaigns highlighting core HubSpot themes, creating visibility, demand, and enhancing consideration with upmarket decision-makers through data-driven, AI-enhanced targeting and personalization.Manage and optimize revenue generation activities to develop a playbook that balances central directives with local market nuances.Develop and execute on field marketing tactics in close collaboration with regional sales and CS teams to drive opportunities within our existing customer base.Execute precise sales enablement strategies supporting growth into upmarket segments, aligned with regional market conditions.Actively collaborate with EMEA and Central marketing teams to adapt and localize central marketing strategies to French market needs and develop native campaigns, enhancing revenue goals.QualificationsVerbal and written fluency in both English and FrenchProven experience in leading marketing teams and executing revenue-generating programs in collaboration with regional sales leaders, particularly within the French market.Demonstrated ability to integrate AI applications into marketing strategies, with understanding of how these technologies can transform customer acquisition, engagement, and retention.Skilled in translating EMEA-focused GTM strategies into impactful, localized marketing campaigns that drive demand, pipeline, and revenue for the French market.Ability to engage effectively with sales teams while strategically implementing an English global brand within a regional framework.Exceptional storytelling skills for simplifying complex marketing programs for the French market.Experience in building strong partnerships with other brands in France.Proficiency in working with sales teams on SLA-driven models.Proven success in leading teams and coordinating multiple stakeholders across cross-functional programs to achieve outstanding results.Extensive experience in executing high-impact regional campaigns.Solid B2B marketing background with recognized thought leadership, capable of influencing both internal and external audiences.We welcome diverse perspectives and encourage applicants to apply even if their experiences don't perfectly align with every requirement.We know the confidence gap and impostor syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you.If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us using this form.At HubSpot, we value both flexibility and connection. Whether you’re a Remote employee or work from the Office, we want you to start your journey here by building strong connections with your team and peers. If you are joining our Engineering team, you will be required to attend a regional HubSpot office for in-person onboarding. If you join our broader Product team, you’ll also attend other in-person events such as your Product Group Summit and other gatherings to continue building on those connections.If you require an accommodation due to travel limitations or other reasons, please inform your recruiter during the hiring process. We are committed to supporting candidates who may need alternative arrangementsMassachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.Germany Applicants: (m/f/d) - link to HubSpot's Career Diversity page here.India Applicants: link to HubSpot India's equal opportunity policy here.About HubSpotHubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is an AI-powered customer platform with all the software, integrations, and resources customers need to connect marketing, sales, and service. HubSpot's connected platform enables businesses to grow faster by focusing on what matters most: customers.At HubSpot, bold is our baseline. Our employees around the globe move fast, stay customer-obsessed, and win together. Our culture is grounded in four commitments: Solve for the Customer, Be Bold, Learn Fast, Align, Adapt &amp; Go!, and Deliver with HEART. These commitments shape how we work, lead, and grow.We’re building a company where people can do their best work. We focus on brilliant work, not badge swipes. By combining clarity, ownership, and trust, we create space for big thinking and meaningful progress. And we know that when our employees grow, our customers do too.Recognized globally for our award-winning culture by Comparably, Glassdoor, Fortune, and more, HubSpot is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with employees and offices around the world.Explore MoreHubSpot CareersLife at HubSpot on InstagramBy submitting your application, you agree that HubSpot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Refer to HubSpot's Recruiting Privacy Notice for details on data processing and your rights."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4297359727","title":"Regional Sales Director Dubai","company":"Illumio","location":"Sunnyvale","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.illumio.com/company/job-listing?ashby_jid=639d599f-4bc7-4e4e-bdae-00a8dd33ac63&utm_source=mEbqQALQYe","description":"Onwards Together!Illumio is the leader in ransomware and breach containment, redefining how organizations contain cyberattacks and enable operational resilience. Powered by the Illumio AI Security Graph, our breach containment platform identifies and contains threats across hybrid multi-cloud environments – stopping the spread of attacks before they become disasters.Recognized as a Leader in the Forrester Wave™ for Microsegmentation, Illumio enables Zero Trust, strengthening cyber resilience for the infrastructure, systems, and organizations that keep the world running.Our Team's VisionOur Regional Sales Directors are the driving force behind our success, actively seeking and securing new business opportunities with a keen focus on Fortune 250 prospects through a named accounts approach. They excel in navigating large enterprise deals ranging from $500k to over $1M, both through direct sales and strategic partnerships within our ecosystem.We're seeking adaptable individuals who thrive on exceeding goals year after year. Joining our Sales team means collaborating with top-tier professionals who are passionate about pioneering Zero Trust Segmentation. Together, we're assembling a world-class global team united by one mission: to combat ransomware and breaches head-on.Your ImpactServe as the front-line leader in the Illumio field organization, finding and creating new sales opportunities within our target accounts and leading a virtual team of Illumio people and external partners to win those opportunitiesCreate and execute a territory plan on your target accounts and approach to “landing and expanding,\" and prospect into these target accounts with the goal of engaging potential champions and sponsors to find and create an opportunityAble to drive a regional sales plan that incorporates tight collaboration between ADRs, partner account managers, customer success advisors and extended field team resources.Accurately forecast the business objectives of your clients and IllumioIdentify, engage, and build relationships with resellers, system integrators and other partnersYour Toolkit8+ years of full cycle sales enterprise selling with strong background in security and or networking software, including 5+ years of co-selling experience with a strong partner networkDeliver compelling “teaching conversations” that are well tailored to each prospect’s situationAble to engage with urgency and capitalizing on all potential channels to sell IllumioKnows how to ask the right questions, strong listener and technically savvy to understand the solution Successful track record of successful selling to the C-suite (all lines of business) with a strong rolodex of contacts in regionExperience in a fast-paced company with the ability to adapt as neededThe pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include responsibilities of the job, education, location, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities, and internal equity, alignment with market data, or applicable laws.At Illumio we offer a wide range of benefits to our eligible team members. Our benefit programs vary by location and can include Medical, Dental, Vision Coverage – Health and Dependent Savings Accounts – Life and Disability Programs – Paid Parental Leave – Voluntary Benefit Programs – Company Sponsored Wellness Program – Wellness Reimbursement Program - Retirement Savings – Equity Opportunities – Paid time off and Paid Holidays – Employee Incentive Program.Our CommitmentIllumio believes that an environment of unique backgrounds, experiences, viewpoints, and individual contributions drives our success and makes us stronger together. We are dedicated to creating and maintaining a diverse culture and emphasizing inclusion and belonging.All official job offers from our company are extended directly by our recruitment team and will be sent through an official E-Signature document for your review and signature. Please be aware that we do not ask for any personal information in the process of extending offers of employment, such as financial details or social security numbers. Upon acceptance of any offer, we will request such information as part of the onboarding process prior to or on your first day of employment, and only after completing a background check through an authorized third-party vendor. If you receive any communication asking for personal details outside of these processes, please contact us immediately to verify the authenticity of the request. Your security is important to us, and we are committed to a safe and transparent hiring experience.For roles in San Francisco and Los Angeles: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Illumio will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00d15bc2a4f848af","title":"Account Executive","company":"DiliTrust","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"10 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=00d15bc2a4f848af","description":"Account Executive\n\nReady to be part of the Legal Tech revolution?\n\nVision: As a leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) provider, Dilitrust is a global company dedicated to offering an integrated suite of legal and governance products. Our vision is to digitize legal departments worldwide. With an annual growth rate of over 40% since 2020, our ambition is to become the world's leading Legal Tech company, aiming for a valuation exceeding $1 billion by 2026.\n\nOur Impact: From generating General Meeting reports to leveraging AI-assisted contract lifecycle management, our teams in our 8 offices across France, the US, Mexico, MEA, Germany, Spain, Italy, and Canada are the driving force behind our global success. We proudly support 2,400 customers in 64 countries, with 80% of our clientele comprising listed companies in major markets such as Europe, North America, and the Middle East.\n\nOur Recognition: Dilitrust has been at fore front of Legal Tech innovation, being the first Legal Tech with AI features since 2022. The company is renowned for providing a positive and entrepreneurial work environment. We are honored to have received the \"Happy at Work\" and “Tech at Work” labels every year since 2019.\n\nYour role:\n\nAs an Account Executive, you will be responsible for developing your designated territory, which includes specific industries, geographies, or market segments, consisting of both existing clients and prospects. You may focus on verticals such as Financial Services, Healthcare, Energy, and others within your territory.\n\nThis role offers a fantastic opportunity to enhance your solution-selling skills with prominent clients across various regions. In addition to your business development efforts, Dilitrust provides support through Business Development Representatives (BDRs), Alliances & Pre-Sales teams, Account Managers, and Marketing.\n\nResponsibilities:\n\n· Create and Develop: Strategize and implement your “Territory Plan” within your vertical, including detailed account planning for key prospects\n\n· Identify and Build Relationships: Establish and nurture relationships with both existing and potential clients within your vertical\n\n· Craft Compelling Value Propositions: Develop and present compelling value propositions to support your clients' digitization initiatives\n\n· Manage the Sales Cycle: Oversee all phases of the sales process, from prospecting to contract signing\n\n· Coordinate Internal Support: Collaborate effectively with internal counterparts supporting you across the organization\n\n· Participate in Industry Events: Attend and represent Dilitrust at Legal Tech events, such as Legal Week in New York\n\nMinimum Qualification:\n\n· 4 years of proven track record in account management, sales, or a customer-facing role in the enterprise software space\n\n· Experience selling Software as a Service SaaS (SaaS)\n\n· Consistent over-achiever of quota and revenue goals\n\n· Proficient in using CRM software to manage sales activities and maintain detailed records of all sales interactions\n\n· Bilingual English\n\nDesired Skills:\n\n· Demonstrated ability to independently build and manage a territory plan and aligning complex product solutions with specific customer needs.\n\n· Experience collaborating with executive stakeholder across large, organization, with excellent written and verbal communication skills\n\n· Energetic, self-motivated, and results-driven, with a relentless focus on achieving sales targets and expanding the customer base\n\n· Ability to manage a wide ecosystem\n\nWhat we offer:\n\n· Join a fast-growing company in a friendly, international environment (offices across 8 countries); with a very attractive compensation package (fix / variable) and other benefits.\n\n· Dilitrust has a clear \"Telework Charter\" guaranteeing that you can find the right balance between \"Onsite\" and \"Remote”\n\nRecruitment process:\n\n Interview with a member of the HR team\n Interview with the Team Manager / Sales Director\n Interview with the Global Chief Sales Officer\n A reference review\n\nDiliTrust is a socially responsible company, committed to the diversity of its teams and to promoting professional equality at all levels."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06a7a3a8376e93b1","title":"Domain Consultant, SASE","company":"Palo Alto Networks","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06a7a3a8376e93b1","description":"Company Description\n\nOur Mission\n\nAt Palo Alto Networks®, we’re united by a shared mission—to protect our digital way of life. We thrive at the intersection of innovation and impact, solving real-world problems with cutting-edge technology and bold thinking. Here, everyone has a voice, and every idea counts. If you’re ready to do the most meaningful work of your career alongside people who are just as passionate as you are, you’re in the right place.\n\nWho We Are\n\nThis role is remote, but distance is no barrier to impact. Our hybrid teams collaborate across geographies to solve big problems, stay close to our customers, and grow together. You will be part of a culture that values trust, accountability, and shared success where your work truly matters.\n\nJob Description\n\nYour Career\n\nAs a domain consultant for network security transformation, you provide technical expertise and guidance in customers' network security and zero trust journey. You will be key in defining technical solutions that secure a customer’s key business imperatives. You evangelize our industry leadership in on-prem, cloud, and security services that establish Palo Alto Networks as a customer’s cybersecurity partner.\n\nYour Impact\n\nCollaborate with sales teams to recommend and develop customer solutions within your assigned specialization.\nPresent to customers as our expert at all levels in the customer hierarchy, from practitioner to senior leadership.\nLead and support customer demonstrations that showcase our unique value proposition.\nResponsible for prospective customers and partners' Technical Validation projects based on best practices to ensure technical win in assigned opportunities.\nArchitect solutions that will help our customers strengthen and simplify their security posture\nDocument high-level design and key use cases to ensure proper implementation and value realization of Palo Alto Networks solutions\nLead conversations about industry trends and emerging changes to the security landscape.\nResponsible for discussing and highlighting product alignment with customer requirements and differentiation\nAs the main technical point of contact for Network Security, you will assist and collaborate to respond effectively to RFIs/RFPs.\nPosition Palo Alto Networks or Partner delivered services as appropriate to ensure proper implementation and value realization of Palo Alto Networks solutions\nDiscuss, with credibility, competitive offers in the marketplace and position ours as the best alternative\n\nQualifications\n\nYour Experience\n\n3+ years experience in pre-sales/sales engineering within Zero Trust, Networking, Network Security, SaaS Security or SSE/SASE\nOutstanding customer communication and problem-solving skills\nExperience in working with customers, demonstrating problem-solving skills and a can-do attitude\nSolid understanding of NGFW, Network Security, SASE, SD-WAN, CASB, Proxy, DLP and BYOD Solutions\nAdvanced knowledge of On-Premise and Cloud-Delivered Network Security Technologies\nProficient in English\n\nAdditional Information\n\nThe Team\n\nOur Domain Consultant team members work hand-in-hand with organizations around the world to keep their digital environments protected. We educate, inspire,and empower our potential clients in their journey to security.\n\nYou are empowered with unmatched systems and tools and a team built on joint success. You won’t find someone at Palo Alto Networks that isn’t committed to your success – with everyone pitching in to assist when it comes to solutions selling, learning, and development. Our Solutions Consulting community is driven by the mission to be our customers’ cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting their digital way of life.\n\nOur Commitment\n\nWe’re problem solvers that take risks and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.\n\nWe are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.\n\nPalo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.\n\nAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06f93b53889e8df9","title":"Senior Business Development Executive","company":"Jadeer","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":\"Dubai,United Arab Emirates\",\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06f93b53889e8df9","description":"Boost Your Career as a Business Development Executive with Our Growing Team!\n\nAre you ready to take your career to new heights with a global leader in translation and localization services? Look no further than Future Group! Since 1994, we've been at the forefront of the localization market, with a worldwide presence spanning North & Latin America, Asia, Europe, and MEA. Now, we're on the lookout for passionate individuals to join our dynamic team as Business Development Executives.\n\nWhy Future Group?\n\nAt Future Group, we don't just set trends – we define them. As a leading player in the industry, we offer unparalleled opportunities for growth, innovation, and success. When you join our team, you become part of a global family committed to excellence and driven by a shared vision of shaping the future of communication.\n\nWhat You'll Do:\n\nWe’re seeking a driven and results-oriented SaaS Business Development Executive to expand the market reach of Future Group’s technology products, including Web Autopilot, AI Chatbot, and other innovative digital solutions. The ideal candidate has proven experience in SaaS or tech sales, understands B2B enterprise sales cycles, and can successfully close deals across UAE, KSA, and international markets.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\nThe ideal candidate has proven experience in SaaS or tech sales, understands B2B enterprise sales cycles, and can successfully close deals across UAE, KSA\n\n3 years’ experience in B2B SaaS sales or technology business development.\nProven track record of meeting/exceeding sales targets.\nStrong understanding of SaaS business models and enterprise sales cycles.\nExcellent communication, negotiation, and presentation skills.\nFamiliarity with the Middle East market is a plus.\nSelf-motivated with the ability to work independently and in a team.\nFluent in English\nRemote work but willing to travel to UAE and KSA for client meetings and events\nprefer Americans OR Europeans who already located at UAE or KSA\n\nWhat You Bring to the Table:\n\nIdentify and qualify new business opportunities in target markets. And do lead generation\nDevelop and execute sales strategies to meet and exceed revenue targets.\nBuild and maintain strong relationships with decision-makers and key stakeholders.\nPresent and demonstrate Future Group’s SaaS solutions to prospects.\nNegotiate contracts, and close deals.\nCollaborate with marketing and product teams to refine go-to-market strategies.\nMaintain accurate sales pipelines and forecasts in CRM.\n\nJoin Us in Shaping the Future of Communication!\n\nIf you're ready to embark on an exciting journey of growth and opportunity, we want to hear from you! At Future Group, your potential knows no bounds – apply now and let's write the next chapter of success together.\n\nDon't miss out on this incredible opportunity – seize the moment and unlock your future with Future Group!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=08fd9b77a4d9718d","title":"Cinematic Videographer - Dubaï","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=08fd9b77a4d9718d","description":"Wait a minute.\n\nAre you inspired by building a pioneering EdTech company that will empower millions of people?\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom: being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition: growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create an iconic brand like Nike.\n\nImpact: contributing to transform people lives at scale and feel your own impact in the company.\n\n Have you ever looked at a piece of work and felt it in your gut?\n\nNot because it was flashy. But because it moved you.\n\nHave you ever seen a frame so beautiful it stopped you mid-scroll?\n\nNot because it was trendy—but because it was timeless.\n\nBecause the music hit just right. The B-roll wasn’t just filler—it was poetry. The lighting? Sculpted emotion. The words? From the heart, not the script.\n\nIf you’re nodding right now, you might be exactly who we’re looking for.\n\nWe’re looking for a videographer based in Dubai with a deep, almost obsessive mastery of:\n\nLighting that shapes mood and story\n\nColor editing that elevates footage into art\n\nCamera movement that brings the audience inside the experience\n\nDo you want to contribute to impacting the lives of thousands of people? Then, you have found the next adventure that will fulfill you !\n\nWe are looking for our A-player, either they are willing to commit full time or part time. This will be carried out from our beautiful offices and studio in Dubaï. English fluency is required. French is a big plus.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n-\n\nOur sources of inspiration are Apple, Nike, Spotify, Disney for their obsession of excelling, having a worldwide impact and not just selling products but crafting experiences. You will be playing a pivotal role in making Paradox play at that level and becoming an iconic brand.\n\nFor us, being Iconic is to innovate at the intersection of Psychology x Creativity x Technology.\n\nTo do so, here are your 3 responsibilities :\n\n1 | Create Cinematic B-Roll That Makes People Feel Again\n\nPlan, shoot, and edit visuals that go beyond storytelling—they immerse\n\nObsess over light like it’s your co-director—natural, artificial, sculpted to perfection\n\nUse camera moves that flow like choreography—not gimmicks, but guided emotion\n\nCapture textures, expressions, and environments that hit the viewer straight in the chest\n\n2 | Elevate Every Frame Through Color and Sound\n\nTake raw footage and transform it into visual poetry through thoughtful color grading\n\nWork closely with music, sound design, and pacing to maximize emotional impact\n\nKnow when to push the aesthetic envelope—and when to let simplicity speak loudest\n\n3 | Own Your Process from A to Z\n\nOperate with full autonomy: you’re not waiting to be told what to do—you’re already doing it\n\nManage your equipment, files, and workflow with precision\n\nCollaborate when needed, but create like an artist in flow\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF?\n-\n\nIf you already live in Dubai or you desire to live there, and dream of an adventure with twists & challenges rather than a mapped out & stable life, then this job is for you!\n\nExperience & skills\n\nYou know how to light a scene that gives chills\n\nYou’re a master of cinematic camera techniques—dolly, gimbal, handheld, you name it\n\nYou breathe life into footage through color, contrast, and emotion\n\nYour tools: Premiere Pro, DaVinci Resolve, After Effects, and any gear that serves the story\n\nYou’re endlessly curious, always pushing your visual language\n\nPersonality\n\nA one-person army: autonomous, reliable, and self-driven\n\nObsessed with excellence, but not paralyzed by perfection\n\nArtistic soul, execution beast—you get things done beautifully\n\nComfortable receiving raw feedback—because growth > ego\n\nNot just a videographer, but a visual storyteller\n\nStrong desire to create the Wow effect.\n\nLanguage:\n\nEnglish: fluent. You can hold a conversation on specific details with English-speaking colleagues. Our chosen language for written communication is English.\n\nFrench: ideally bilingual.\n\nCurrently, 20% of the team is International, from the cherry blossoms of Japan, the Canadian lakes and to the forest of Madagascar.\n\nMust have:\n\nYou must be based in Dubai or planning to relocate in the near future\n\nFull-time, freelance, or mission-based—you tell us what works\n\nFrench-speaking? Great. Not French-speaking? Still great.\n\nFlexible structure, but high expectations—this is a team of A-players only\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n-\n\nLet’s be clear, we are looking for someone who is not just Great, and for whom Paradox ambition isn’t just another cool project; but a true mission.\n\nSo if those personal interests : personal development / coaching / professional growth / education / edtech / teaching / edutainment are not things you REALLY love, and want to solve for other, let’s forget it\n\nLet’s forget about it also if,\n\nYou don’t like to be challenged and grow in your job\n\nYou don't like receiving or giving tough feedbacks\n\nYou don’t question the status quo: the process are there for a reason, we have always done it this way\n\nYou like to have very specific & fixed tasks assigned to you. Be told what to do and how to do it.\n\nYour only driver is joining a full-remote company: yes, our company culture is cool, but we want people to care about our mission, products, and their job!\n\nJOIN US IF YOU CRAVE\n-\n\n1 - Growth & Ambition\n\nWe hire only the best, it’s exhilarating to be surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood. You'll be working with some of the best minds. We understand that \"A\" people attract \"A\" people.\n\nNo more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your professional development.\n\n️ Being part of an ambitious company with a lot of growth opportunities.\n\n2 - Impact & Meaning\n\nPlaying a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\nWaking up in the morning knowing you are making a difference: we receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a mile stone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that’s not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\n3 - Freedom & Well Being\n\nA company culture based on autonomy & accountability\nFlexible working hours\nA remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\nMagnificent offices in Dubai\nMacbook to be the most efficient in your work\n350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself (for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n150€ per year paid by the company to boost your knowledge (books, education): we are passionate about learning and want to support your growth)\n1:1 coachings: a Paradox coach supporting you personally or professionally to live your best life\nTeam building\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nHIRING PROCESS\n-\n\nThat job description resonated with you?\n\nHere is your tailor made hiring process\n\nA 6 to 8 minutes application survey (with a short video assignment)\n\nA 15–20 minute WhatsApp call with Chloé, our Talent Manager, to tell you more about the challenge and see if it fits your experience and expectations\n\nA video call with Chloé to deep dive into your career path and ambitions\n\nA short test to see if you style and technique expertise is fitting what we want\n\nA video call with Quentin, Head of Revenue, to explore your technical skills and see how we can align your goals with our needs\n\nA culture-fit video call with Timy, our Culture Coach, to assess alignment with our values and mindset\n\nReference check to understand how you operate across environments and help set you up for a smooth onboarding\n\nWelcome aboard!\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nAt Paradox, we are convinced that people do not want “just a job” anymore.\n\nWe are all craving to have an impact through our professional journey. Some want to start their own venture, some want to become an intrapreneur in their current organization, some others just want their day-to-day tasks to have more meaning.\n\nPARADOX HAS ONE GOAL: TO EMPOWER PEOPLE AND ORGANIZATIONS TO LIVE THEIR TRUE AMBITIONS.\n\nBut where do we start?\n\nIf you have an interest in personal development, you probably already know that:\n\nMaking things happen is a real struggle when you don’t know what truly inspires you and how to get there ;\n\nAvailable resources are either boring or full of crazy unsubstantiated theories .\n\nIt needs to change, and we’re here to make it happen!\n\n️ OUR AMBITION IS TO MAKE SUCCESS THE ONLY POSSIBLE OUTCOME FOR OUR CLIENTS (WHATEVER SUCCESS MEANS FOR THEM), BY CRAFTING INNOVATIVE & CAPTIVATING BREAKTHROUGH EXPERIENCES.\n\nIn other words, we want to make personal growth as entertaining as watching Netflix.\n\nHow, you might be wondering?\n\nWe travel the world and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs (Richard Branson - Founder of Virgin, Marc Simoncini - Founder of Meeting, Fred Mazzella - Founder of BlablaCar), world athletes (Tony Parker - Hall of fame NBA Player, Frederick Bousquet - World record in 50m free swimming, Frank Leboeuf - WorldCup Footballer), and artists (Gad Elmaleh - Comedian, Franck Dubosc, Barry Osborne - Producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix) ;\n\nWe reverse engineer their strategies for achieving success and fulfillment and lean on the latest researches about neurosciences ;\n\nWe deliver trainings & educational contents around Power Skills (critical thinking, productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management, etc.), self-growth and performance, through a balanced set of e-learning programs, events and edutainment videos .\n\nFrom one well-known Founder to a team of +40 people today (and counting!), this approach has paid off and enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to have thousands of people attending our online events and training courses.\n\nTOGETHER, WE ARE DRIVEN BY ONE DREAM:\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve their dream and display their pictures on what we call the “100 000 dreams wall” ;\n\nGiving our clients access to constant personal growth by reinventing their learning experience ;\n\nLeverage AI and other technology to provide an outstanding customized experience to millions of people for them to transform their lives.\n\nAnd that’s where you come in. Join the Paradox Revolution !"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12e058ab707b6cf2","title":"Telecaller","company":"Qualified Recruiter Pvt Ltd","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12e058ab707b6cf2","description":"Recruiter (Remote, India)\n\nRole Purpose:\n\nKeep couriers active, vehicles running, problems solved and cash flow fully under control.\n\nFormat: Dubai, UAE\n\nKey Responsibilities: Call and engage with leads (incoming candidates from marketing campaigns);Present and \"sell\" the courier job opportunity in Dubai. Guide candidates through the application and onboarding process. Maintain candidate database and follow up where needed Work according to the Dubai time zone (GMT+4).\n\nCandidate Profile: Proven experience as a Recruiter, HR Specialist, or in tele sales/call-center roles.\n\nStrong communication and persuasion skills Fluent English + Hindi (most candidates are native speakers) Confident with CRM systems, Google Sheets, or Excel Discipline and ability to follow processes Need to have own laptop. What We Offer:100% remote work (based in India);\n\nCompetitive pay: base salary + bonuses for each successfully onboarded courier;\n\nTraining and ready-to-use call scripts, Warm leads only (no cold calling);Career growth opportunities in an international team.\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: AED1,000.00 - AED1,500.00 per month"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12f50c4dfd4a04b4","title":"Telesales Representative (Remote)","company":"The Infinity Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=12f50c4dfd4a04b4","description":"*About the company*\n\nWe are pleased to present a range of exciting job opportunities for individuals who are motivated and career-oriented. The Infinity Group, located in London, offers the unique advantage of global travel and remote work options. As a dedicated payroll service provider in the construction industry, we focus on managing subcontractor payroll while mitigating risks related to IR35 and employment law. We look forward to welcoming talented professionals to our team.\n\nWe seek a driven and experienced Telesales Representative to join our dynamic sales team. *This is a unique opportunity for British expats to work remotely with clients based in the United Kingdom.* For this role, we seek British nationals with a clear and professional British accent.\n\n*Key Responsibilities:*\n\n* Identify and research potential clients, generating new leads through various channels, including outbound cold calling and targeted email campaigns.\n* Engage potential clients in consultative conversations to understand their payroll needs and challenges.\n* Present our payroll solutions persuasively, highlighting their key benefits and value proposition.\n* Maintain accurate records of all interactions and sales activities within our CRM system, ensuring effective pipeline management.\n* Consistently meet and exceed weekly and monthly sales quotas.\n* Provide valuable feedback to management regarding market trends, customer preferences, and competitive insights.\n* Develop and maintain strong relationships with existing clients to foster long-term partnerships.\n\n*Qualifications:*\n\n* Proven experience in telesales or a related sales role, preferably focusing on B2B services.\n* 3 years' experience in Telesales/Cold calling (required)\n* Excellent communication and active listening skills, with a professional yet personable approach.\n* A precise and professional British accent is essential for this role.\n* Strong organisational skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks effectively.\n* Proficiency in using CRM software and other sales tools.\n* A self-starter mentality with a strong drive to achieve results.\n\n*Compensation and Benefits:*\n\n* Attractive residual commission structure based on meeting and exceeding KPI.\n* A collaborative and supportive work environment that fosters professional success.\n* Opportunities for advancement within the company based on merit and performance.\n* Full-time, permanent position with flexibility for remote work.\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: AED3,000.00 - AED7,000.00 per month\n\n\n\nApplication Question(s):\n* How many years of Telesales experience do you have?\n* How many cold calls have you done in one day?\n* Are you able to close deals over the phone?\n* Are you able to present online?\n* Are you a British citizen?\n\nExperience:\n* Telesales / Cold calling: 3 years (Required)"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=13a9f487eebe4962","title":"Senior Director of Digital Marketing","company":"DigitalOcean","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=13a9f487eebe4962","description":"Dive in and do the best work of your career at DigitalOcean. Journey alongside a strong community of top talent who are relentless in their drive to build the simplest scalable cloud. If you have a growth mindset, naturally like to think big and bold, and are energized by the fast-paced environment of a true industry disruptor, you'll find your place here. We value winning together—while learning, having fun, and making a profound difference for the dreamers and builders in the world.\n\nCloudways—our managed web hosting division, offers powerful cloud hosting solutions for growing digital businesses of all sizes. Our core brand tenets of simplicity, choice, ease of use, and reliability drive our commitment to helping users innovate on behalf of their customers through the power of the cloud. Now, we're looking for a Senior Director of Digital Marketing to help shape how we future-proof our digital properties.\n\nThis role is aligned to the Cloudways business unit. You will own the vision and strategy for the Cloudways website, optimizing web marketing operations to drive customer acquisition and revenue growth through self-serve and product-led growth (PLG). This is a senior-level role with complete ownership of our go-to-market engine (i.e. our website), requiring you to bring deep technology marketing (Martech) and digital user experience strategies across the full acquisition funnel. Using your knowledge of SaaS technology and/or eCommerce GTM models, you will identify customer lifecycle tactics to scale user conversion, encourage product adoption, and build customer loyalty through cost effective growth strategies.\n\nAs the leader of our digital marketing function, you will manage the team responsible for conversion rate optimization, online pre-sales engagement, email marketing programs, and customer lifecycle marketing initiatives, reporting directly to the VP of Marketing. You will work within a cross-functional Marketing, Product, and Engineering matrix to ensure our website and digital properties are equipped to deliver a seamless customer user experience, grow online sales, and move prospects through the sign-up to conversion funnel, while tightly monitoring core business KPIs.\n\nWhat You'll Be Doing:\nSingle-threaded owner of the Cloudways website, using data-driven insights to scale user acquisition and revenue growth aligned to PLG principles.\nDevelop and execute data-driven digital marketing strategies to enhance the entire customer lifecycle, from acquisition to advocacy.\nChampion experimentation, utilizing analytics, A/B testing, and marketing automation tools to drive user engagement and increase conversion funnel success.\nUncover opportunities for automation and AI to help streamline existing processes and resolve points of friction within the user journey.\nOversee the design and optimization of email marketing and digital customer engagement programs to nurture prospects, improve conversion and server launch rates.\nResearch and identify opportunities by evaluating the needs of the business and monitoring trends in the competitive context to find the platforms, tools, and technologies that can modernize our Martech stack.\nDirectly own reporting, ensuring high-quality analysis and effective communication of results to leadership in a clear and transparent way.\nWhat You'll Add to Cloudways:\n15+ years of global marketing experience managing a digital function, ideally in the SaaS, cloud technology, or web hosting sectors.\nIn-depth understanding of PLG in the context of how to scale a fast-moving online business.\nExtensive experience with vetting, onboarding, and managing web CMS, Martech and CRM solutions. Familiarity with WordPress, Mixpanel, Hotjar, and GA4 is a bonus.\nSolid budget management and commercial acumen, with the ability to dive deep into financial metrics to make data-oriented decisions.\nA high EQ leader who enjoys collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals and who is invested in coaching team members to learn and grow.\nAble to effectively communicate nuanced ideas with clarity, setting clear expectations for what needs to be achieved and why.\nA 'player-coach' mentality.\nWhat We'll Expect from You:\nAn ability to identify and capitalize on growth opportunities, continuously testing and refining web marketing strategies.\nStrong problem-solving skills, with a focus on commercial outputs and revenue optimization. Able to deliver against expectations on-time and within budget.\nA data-driven approach to decision-making and a passion for extracting insights from complex data sets.\nAn eagerness to mentor and guide team members, fostering a collaborative and high-performance culture.\nComfortable working with OKR frameworks for goal setting and performance monitoring.\nWhy You'll Like Working for DigitalOcean\nWe innovate with purpose. You'll be a part of a cutting-edge technology company with an upward trajectory, who are proud to simplify cloud and AI so builders can spend more time creating software that changes the world. As a member of the team, you will be a Shark who thinks big, bold, and scrappy, like an owner with a bias for action and a powerful sense of responsibility for customers, products, employees, and decisions.\nWe prioritize career development. At DO, you'll do the best work of your career. You will work with some of the smartest and most interesting people in the industry. We are a high-performance organization that will always challenge you to think big. Our organizational development team will provide you with resources to ensure you keep growing. We provide employees with reimbursement for relevant conferences, training, and education. All employees have access to LinkedIn Learning's 10,000+ courses to support their continued growth and development.\nWe care about your well-being. Regardless of your location, we will provide you with a competitive array of benefits to support you from our Employee Assistance Program to Local Employee Meetups to flexible time off policy, to name a few. While the philosophy around our benefits is the same worldwide, specific benefits may vary based on local regulations and preferences.\nWe reward our employees. The salary range for this position is based on market data, relevant years of experience, and skills. You may qualify for a bonus in addition to base salary; bonus amounts are determined based on company and individual performance. We also provide equity compensation to eligible employees, including equity grants upon hire and the option to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Program.\nWe value diversity and inclusion. We are an equal-opportunity employer, and recognize that diversity of thought and background builds stronger teams and products to serve our customers. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.\n\n*This is a remote role\n\n#LI-Remote"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=15aa76ff961b048b","title":"Remote Sales Agent Specialist-Candidates outside UAE need to apply","company":"Lookinsure LLc","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=15aa76ff961b048b","description":"*Duties & Responsibilities:*\n\n· Preparing effective sales models to enhance sales funnel\n\n· Ensuring monthly/yearly sales targets are met\n\n· Monitoring performance of Sales Team members\n\n· Handling customer complaints and queries\n\n· Preparing and presenting a detailed sales report\n\n· Developing social media campaigns and promotional email marketing templates to maximize sales\n\n· Monitoring and managing inventory requirements\n\n· Ensuring the company’s products and services are optimized to appear in search engines\n\n· Identifying new sales opportunities and emerging market trends\n\n· Setting sales targets and revenue goals\n\n· Attracting potential customers by highlighting standout product/service offerings on white paper\n\n· Maintaining long term and positive customer relationships\n\n· Determining sales goals upon reviewing budget authority\n\n*Skills & Qualification Required:*\n\n· Bachelor’s degree in Sales, Marketing, Business Administration or related field\n\n· Proven work experience in the Sales department as a Sales representative, Sales consultant or similar position\n\n· Complete understanding of the company’s products and services\n\n· Familiarity with sales tracking software and lead generation tools like Pipedrive, Opti Monster, Constant Contact and HubSpot CRM\n\n· Excellent communication skills\n\n· Displaying the qualities of a rational decision-maker\n\n· Knowledge of latest industry developments\n\n· Ability to offer excellent customer satisfaction\n\n· Ability to work in stressful situations\n\n· Willingness to upgrade sales tactics\n\nJob Type: Full-time"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16e9d0695667dc11","title":"logistics","company":"Proterial","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a day ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=16e9d0695667dc11","description":"Location:\n\nAbu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates\n\nJob ID:\n\nR0105632\n\nDate Posted:\n\n2025-10-14\n\nCompany Name:\n\nHITACHI RAIL STS S.P.A.\n\nProfession (Job Category):\n\nCustomer Service & Contact Center Operations\n\nJob Schedule:\n\nFull time\n\nRemote:\n\nNo\n\nAbout Us\n\nA career at Hitachi Rail will help create a legacy. With operations in every corner of the world, our work goes to the cutting-edge of digital transformation and technology. From the multi-cultural strength of our global organisation to the sustainable and innovative ways we work to bring people together, there’s something for everyone to get stuck into. And that’s where you come in.\n\nJob Description:\n\nHitachi Rail is looking for an enthusiastic self-motivated Logistics who thrives in a fast-paced environment. The successful candidate is comfortable performing a wide range of tasks from administrative to strategic. The position is based in Abu Dhabi - UAE\n\nWho We Are:\n\nHitachi Rail is an international leader with a global presence in signaling and the implementation of integrated transport systems for freight and passenger railways, as well as mass transit systems. We design, manufacture and implement signaling systems for the management and control of freight and passenger traffic on mainline railways as well as metros.\n\nHitachi Rail is not only a valuable company, but a company based on values. We believe that our five key values guide our actions and make Hitachi Rail a competitive, effective company: Customer Focus, Innovation and Excellence, People, Team Spirit, and Integrity.\n\nAccountabilities:\n\nWith reference to activities on a single \"medium complexity\" project / bid or on more “low complexity\" projects/ bids :\n\nEnsure the issuing of an estimation of the overall external costs on “medium/low complexity” Bids\nEnsure the external cost planning and forecast (for materials, services, packages and subcontractors) during the project execution phase in collaboration with cost controlling dept.\nEnsure the submission of all project Supply Chain inputs required to define and issue the Integrated Project Plan\nEnsure the issuing and distribution to the project teams of the planning and logistics relevant docs (Logistic Plan, MPS, Inventory Report, etc)\nEnsure the project material delivery (including spare parts and repairing of failed material) in accordance with the project plan and coordinating all planning & logistics activities\nEnsure the “launch of the production” on the basis of project requirements (Transfer orders, Purchase orders, advance demand, ...) in alignment with the project schedule\nEnsure the issuing of the Purchase Requests for all materials, external services, packages and subcontractor to ensure project on time delivery\nEnsure the monitoring and reporting on supplier performances (including logistic provider) in terms of production, FAT, lead time, shipment , project warehouse management and compliance with contractual requirements\nEnsure the issuing of the supplier logistic and supply planning documentation in alignment with contractual requirements (Performance Bond, Transportation Plan, Procurement Plan, Fabrication Plan, …)\nEnsure the identification and implementation of project mitigation actions due to the risk of potential misalignments of the supplier performances in comparison with the contractual requirements (delays in material FAT and/or delivery, …)\nEnsure the creation of a SES (Service Entry Sheet) and Work Progress Certificate (WPC), based on the supplier achievement of project milestones, authorizing the Subcontractor to issue an invoice\n\nTechnical requirements :\n\n3 up to 5 year of expertise within the Supply Chain\nContracts\nProject Management\nSupplier Management\nProcurement planning methods\nVendor rating and suppliers monitoring\nReporting\nTechnical/Technology knowledge\nRisk Management\nContinuous improvement Documentation management\n\nEducation:\n\nBachelor’s Degree\n\nLanguages:\n\nEnglish Proficiency\n\nWe thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those under consideration will be contacted.\n\nJoin us at http://sts.hitachirail.com/en/careers\n\nIt is our commitment at Hitachi Rail to create a diverse environment and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or status.\n\nThank you for your interest in Hitachi Rail. If your application is of interest, we will be in contact. Please do not hesitate to discover more about us and our latest jobs at https://www.hitachirail.com/careers .\n\nAt Hitachi Rail, there is a place for everyone. We welcome and value differences in background, age, gender, sexuality, family status, disability, race, nationality, ethnicity, religion, and world view. It is our commitment to create an inclusive environment - we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.\n\nWe would be delighted if you would be one of our followers at https://www.linkedin.com/company/hitachirail"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1bc458a3758607ca","title":"Sales Coordinator","company":"Careem","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"15 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1bc458a3758607ca","description":"Careem is building the Everything App for the greater Middle East, making it easier than ever to move around, order food and groceries, manage payments, and more. Careem is led by a powerful purpose to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Since 2012, Careem has created earnings for over 2.5 million Captains, simplified the lives of over 70 million customers, and built a platform for the region’s best talent to thrive and for entrepreneurs to scale their businesses. Careem operates in over 70 cities across 10 countries, from Morocco to Pakistan.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nWe are looking for a highly organized and proactive Sales Coordinator to join our Sales team. This role is critical in removing operational bottlenecks, streamlining onboarding processes, and enabling our sales reps to focus on what they do best—building relationships and closing deals. As a Sales Coordinator, you’ll be the backbone of our sales operations, ensuring data accuracy, smooth inter-team collaboration, and fast partner go-lives.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\n1. Operational & Administrative Support\n\nManage Salesforce records, validate internal system submissions.\n\nOwn lead validation and pipeline hygiene to ensure sales reps engage only with qualified leads.\n\nMonitor onboarding cases and coordinate with internal teams to ensure efficiency.\n\nMaintain internal internal trackers, and resources for the Sales team.\n\n2. Onboarding & Quality Assurance\n\nEnsure accurate menus, coverage areas, pricing, and images are uploaded for all new partners.\n\nGuarantee consistency and quality checks across all onboarded brands.\n\n3. Data & Reporting\n\nPrepare daily performance logs and dashboards to support sales decisions.\n\n4. Team Support & Collaboration\n\nCoordinate with cross-functional teams pro actively resolve blockers.\n\nContribute to research projects such as brand mapping, cloud kitchen analysis, and market segmentation.\n\nWhat We’re Looking For\n1–3 years of experience in sales support, operations, or coordination (FMCG, tech, or food delivery preferred).\n\nStrong knowledge of CRM systems (Salesforce preferred) and Google Suite.\n\nExcellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple priorities.\n\nDetail-oriented, with strong problem-solving and follow-up skills.\n\nCollaborative team player who can work effectively across departments.\n\nComfortable working in a fast-paced environment with tight SLAs.\n\nWhat we’ll provide you\n\nWe offer colleagues the opportunity to drive impact in the region while they learn and grow. As a full time Careem colleague, you will be able to:\n\nWork and learn from great minds by joining a community of inspiring colleagues.\nPut your passion to work in a purposeful organisation dedicated to creating impact in a region with a lot of untapped potential.\nExplore new opportunities to learn and grow every day.\nWork 4 days a week in office & 1 day from home, and remotely from any country in the world for 30 days a year with unlimited vacation days per year. (If you are in an individual contributor role in tech, you will have 2 office days a week and 3 to work from home.)\nAccess to healthcare benefits and fitness reimbursements for health activities including gym, health club, and training classes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1c6b97850ef44e84","title":"MEA Account Executive","company":"Social Links","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1c6b97850ef44e84","description":"About Social Links\n\nWe are a Global OSINT (Open source intelligence) company with HQ in the US, which empowers investigators and security professionals with ground-breaking AI-powered products. We assemble massive volumes of data and deep insights from open sources in social media, messengers, and the darknet to visualize a holistic picture for data-driven decisions and investigations.\n\nAmong our customers are companies from the S&P 500 and Law Enforcement agencies from 80+ countries across the globe. We are growing 2 times a year and have an ambition to become a Unicorn with a capitalization of 1B USD.\n\nWe are looking for an experienced Account Executive in the Middle East to join our team!\n\nAs a MEA Account Executive, you will be responsible for actively driving and managing direct and channel business with new and existing public sector and large enterprise accounts, collaborating with existing partners, and building new partnerships, as well as developing a GTM strategy in the Middle East and Africa. We are looking for a candidate who combines a sales background with technical skills.\n\nThe ideal candidate has:\n\nStrong track record (5+ years) of sales in B2G (ideally SaaS and on-premise products);\nAbility to lead prospects through the sales cycle without additional technical assistance, the ideal candidate should have a strong technical background;\nExperience in working with regional partners (VARs, SIs) to create and develop new business opportunities and close deals;\nExcellent negotiation skills, experience in delivering complex projects, and expertise in closing 7-digit deals;\nAbility to work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving, and expanding product sales environment;\nExcellent command of English, native Arabic speaker;\nExperience with OSINT, Cyber Sec, Forensic, Intelligence, or Lawful Interception will be a huge advantage.\n\nYour tasks will be:\n\nEnd-to-End Sales: own the full sales cycle, from lead generation and qualification to closing deals with B2G customers for SaaS and On-premise products, API, and professional services;\nTechnical expertise: deliver compelling product demos and presentations tailored to each prospect’s needs, highlighting key features and benefits, and articulating how they can address customer challenges and improve their business operations;\nAccount Management: build and maintain strong relationships with existing and potential customers using the ABM approach, providing ongoing support, troubleshooting assistance, and addressing any concerns or issues that may arise;\nPartnerships: establish value-added partnerships with local resellers and system integrators to enlarge the project portfolio and grow business in the region;\nIndustry expertise: stay up to date with industry trends, competitors, and new technologies to anticipate customer needs and proactively identify opportunities for product enhancements or new offerings;\nCollaboration: work closely with internal teams, including Product, Marketing, and the Center of Excellence, to deliver tailored solutions that exceed client expectations;\nSales performance: achieve and exceed sales targets and performance metrics through effective pipeline management, accurate forecasting, and regular reporting on sales activities, opportunities, and results.\n\nWhat We Offer:\n\nCompetitive compensation: attractive base salary plus uncapped bonus potential, allowing high performers to significantly exceed their earnings targets;\nEquity opportunities: stock options to share in the company’s growth and success;\nFlexibility: fully remote role with the freedom to manage your schedule;\nHigh-impact territory: own one of the fastest-growing and most strategic regions for our business - the Middle East & Africa;\nClear career path: progress from Account Executive to Regional Head and ultimately Director, with the opportunity to build and lead your team;\nCollaborative, diverse culture: join a dynamic, multicultural team where every voice matters and your ideas have a direct impact.\n\nIf you're ready to take on this exciting challenge and grow with us, we'd love to hear from you!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1cf4414f2200928e","title":"Remote Insurance Sales Agent Specialist- Candidate preferably Outside UAE need to apply","company":"Lookinsure LLc","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1cf4414f2200928e","description":"*Duties & Responsibilities:*\n\n· Preparing effective sales models to enhance sales funnel\n\n· Ensuring monthly/yearly sales targets are met\n\n· Monitoring performance of Sales Team members\n\n· Handling customer complaints and queries\n\nImmediate Joiners Preferred.\n\nPreferred Nationalities-Indians, Algerians, Egyptians, Moroccans , etc\n\n· Preparing and presenting a detailed sales report\n\n· Developing social media campaigns and promotional email marketing templates to maximize sales\n\n· Monitoring and managing inventory requirements\n\n· Ensuring the company’s products and services are optimized to appear in search engines\n\n· Identifying new sales opportunities and emerging market trends\n\n· Setting sales targets and revenue goals\n\n· Attracting potential customers by highlighting standout product/service offerings on white paper\n\n· Maintaining long term and positive customer relationships\n\n· Determining sales goals upon reviewing budget authority\n\n*Skills & Qualification Required:*\n\n· Bachelor’s degree in Sales, Marketing, Business Administration or related field\n\n· Proven work experience in the Sales department as a Sales representative, Sales consultant or similar position\n\n· Complete understanding of the company’s products and services\n\n· Familiarity with sales tracking software and lead generation tools like Pipedrive, Opti Monster, Constant Contact and HubSpot CRM\n\n· Excellent communication skills\n\n· Displaying the qualities of a rational decision-maker\n\n· Knowledge of latest industry developments\n\n· Ability to offer excellent customer satisfaction\n\n· Ability to work in stressful situations\n\n· Willingness to upgrade sales tactics\n\nJob Type: Full-time"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d6171cc918bbad1","title":"Talent Sourcer / Recruiter (IBM Maximo Specialization)","company":"MaxAccelerate","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"19 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=1d6171cc918bbad1","description":"About Max Accelerate\n\nAt Max Accelerate, we are redefining how the world’s most complex Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) projects get staffed and delivered.\n\nFor IBM Business Partners and Maximo Clients who struggle to find rare, specialized Maximo talent, Max Accelerate provides an AI-powered, platform-based solution that matches projects with hand-selected, certified Maximo experts on demand.\n\nWe enable organizations to deploy world-class project teams in under 48 hours.\nOur clients save up to 60% compared to traditional local hiring.\nWe provide access to elite Maximo talent in 150+ countries, handling all legal, tax, and compliance requirements.\n\nUnlike generalist recruiters, we specialize only in IBM Maximo. Our mission is simple: connect the world’s best Maximo experts with the companies who need them - faster, smarter, and more cost-effectively than anyone else.\n\nRole Purpose\n\nWe are seeking a Talent Sourcer / Recruiter (IBM Maximo specialization) to help us grow and maintain the world’s most comprehensive database of Maximo professionals. With 4,000 - 5,000 CVs already available, this role will be key in building structured insights into our talent pool and connecting with professionals who will power our clients’ most mission-critical projects.\n\nThis position blends traditional recruiting, technical talent sourcing, and lead research - you will not only find and vet Maximo talent but also capture client decision-maker details from their project history, creating invaluable sales leads for our business.\n\nRequirements\n\nKey Responsibilities\nCandidate Engagement & Interviews\n\nConduct structured interviews with Maximo professionals (functional, technical, and industry-specific experts).\n\nAssess experience, certifications, and project delivery track record.\n\nCollect key project references, technologies used, and role responsibilities.\n\nData Capture & Profiling\n\nRecord details on candidate skills, certifications, and technical expertise (e.g., MAS 9.2, Cognos, WatsonX integrations, industry solutions).\n\nTrack availability preferences (remote, hybrid, relocation).\n\nCapture salary/rate expectations across different regions.\n\nInfo Gathering Through Research\n\nGather decision-maker information for references from candidates’ past project engagements.\n\nLog client/partner references into CRM.\n\nCRM & Talent Pool Management\n\nMaintain and update candidate records within Salesforce (or other CRM systems).\n\nEnsure all data is accurate, up-to-date, and categorized for fast project matching.\n\nMonitor and nurture relationships with high-value Maximo professionals.\n\nCapabilities & Qualifications\n\nRecruitment Experience\n\n2 - 5+ years of talent sourcing or recruiting in technical/ERP/EAM roles.\n\nPrior exposure to IBM Maximo, ERP, or enterprise software ecosystems is highly preferred.\n\nTechnical Fluency & Communication\n\nAbility to engage with candidates on technical skills (configurations, upgrades, integrations, industry modules).\n\nStrong interviewing skills to extract detailed project and client information.\n\nExcellent written and verbal communication in English (additional languages a plus).\n\nData & CRM Discipline\n\nHighly organized in capturing and structuring candidate and lead data.\n\nExperience with Salesforce, Bullhorn, or similar recruiting CRM/ATS systems.\n\nDual Mindset: Recruiter + Researcher\n\nSkilled at balancing candidate experience with business lead generation.\n\nCuriosity and persistence to uncover decision-maker details and map accounts for sales teams.\n\nOther Attributes\n\nComfortable working in a fast-paced, remote-first, global environment.\n\nSelf-driven, detail-oriented, and motivated to contribute to a high-growth AI-powered talent platform.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Max Accelerate?\nBe part of a niche-focused, high-growth company.\n\nWork with a world-class network of Maximo experts and IBM’s most strategic clients.\n\nDevelop your career at the intersection of talent sourcing, recruitment tech, and global workforce intelligence.\n\nCompetitive compensation, growth opportunities, and the chance to impact how EAM projects are staffed worldwide."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=232c8ab74d1d468e","title":"Senior Software Engineer II - AI Platform","company":"Careem","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=232c8ab74d1d468e","description":"Careem is building the Everything App for the greater Middle East, making it easier than ever to move around, order food and groceries, manage payments, and more. Careem is led by a powerful purpose to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Since 2012, Careem has created earnings for over 2.5 million Captains, simplified the lives of over 70 million customers, and built a platform for the region’s best talent to thrive and for entrepreneurs to scale their businesses. Careem operates in over 70 cities across 10 countries, from Morocco to Pakistan.\n\nAbout the team:\n\nThe AI Acceleration Office builds the intelligence layer that powers Careem’s ecosystem, and we are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to drive architecture and development of it. Our mission is to drive competitive value through an Agentic AI Platform, a system that can design, orchestrate, and manage autonomous AI agents across customer and operational journeys.\n\nAbout the role:\n\nAs a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll lead the architecture and development of the AI Agent Creation and Management Platform, an intelligent layer that enables scalable agent creation, orchestration, lifecycle management, and performance monitoring. You’ll work across backend systems, AI infrastructure, and data orchestration, designing abstractions that connect LLMs, context, memory, and state into real-time adaptive agents. This is a hands-on leadership role, you’ll design systems, ship code, mentor engineers, and influence Careem’s long-term AI platform strategy.\n\nWhat you’ll do:\n\nArchitect and implement the foundational services for Careem’s Agentic AI Platform, covering agent creation APIs, orchestration pipelines, state machines, and monitoring layers.\n\nDesign abstractions for multi-agent collaboration, memory persistence, and reasoning cycles integrated.\n\nBuild scalable orchestration frameworks (LangGraph, or custom) that coordinate model calls, context injection, and multi-turn workflows across internal and external agents.\n\nDevelop observability and governance systems for AI agents: tracing, metrics, auditing, and self-healing.\n\nIntegrate LLM-based and retrieval-augmented components into backend services with strict latency, reliability, and compliance requirements.\n\nWork with data scientists and ML engineers to operationalize models (embedding stores, vector databases, evaluation pipelines, model versioning).\n\nEstablish standards for agent safety, lifecycle management, and deployment reliability across Careem’s product ecosystem.\n\nMentor engineers and shape platform-wide engineering practices around AI integration and distributed systems design.\n\nWhat you’ll need:\n\n6+ years of backend or distributed systems engineering experience, with 2–3 years in AI/ML infrastructure or LLM-based systems.\n\nDeep hands-on experience in Python and Go, with production experience in building scalable, event-driven architectures.\n\nExpertise in orchestration and distributed compute (Kubernetes).\n\nExperience in building end-to-end event-drive architecture and data pipelines (Kafka, Airflow and Flink)\n\nFamiliarity with agentic frameworks (LangGraph, LangChain, AutoGen) and design of multi-agent or RAG systems.\n\nExperience in integrating LLMs and vector stores (FAISS, Pinecone, Weaviate, Milvus) into backend applications.\n\nSolid understanding of model and agent observability, monitoring, and continuous evaluation.\n\nStrong architectural skills, capable of designing systems that balance scalability, cost, and experimentation velocity.\n\nExperience working with data streaming, metrics, and real-time feedback loops.\n\nGrowth mindset and bias for ownership, you thrive in high-autonomy, fast-paced, and purpose-driven environments.\n\nWhat we’ll provide you:\n\nWe offer colleagues the opportunity to drive impact in the region while they learn and grow. As a full time Careem colleague, you will be able to:\n\nWork and learn from great minds by joining a community of inspiring colleagues.\nPut your passion to work in a purposeful organisation dedicated to creating impact in a region with a lot of untapped potential.\nExplore new opportunities to learn and grow every day.\nWork 4 days a week in office & 1 day from home, and remotely from any country in the world for 30 days a year with unlimited vacation days per year. (If you are in an individual contributor role in tech, you will have 2 office days a week and 3 to work from home.)\nAccess to healthcare benefits and fitness reimbursements for health activities including gym, health club, and training classes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=281b59f1632e057f","title":"PLG Frontend Engineer (Senior-Level, Remote)","company":"Lucidya","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"23 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=281b59f1632e057f","description":"About Lucidya\n\nLucidya helps brands unlock the power of customer intelligence across the Middle East and beyond. As we expand our product suite, we’re introducing a Product-Led Growth (PLG) layer across our platform to make Lucidya fully self-serve. This means enabling users to onboard faster, discover value quickly, and adopt features with minimal friction.\n\nThe PLG squad is at the heart of this mission, building onboarding journeys, trial-to-paid conversions, in-app growth loops, and delightful user experiences that accelerate adoption and long-term success.\n\nJoining this team means you’ll not only work on high-impact, customer-facing projects, but also see your contributions directly fuel Lucidya’s growth, innovation, and global expansion\n\nAbout the Role\n\nWe’re seeking a Senior Frontend Engineer to drives the face of Lucidya Light - crafting intuitive, frictionless experiences that transform first-time users into loyal advocates.\n\nAs a Senior Frontend Engineer, you will:\n\nOwn the frontend strategy, architecture, and execution for PLG initiatives.\nBuild and lead a high-performing frontend team.\nDeliver world-class onboarding, activation, and conversion flows that directly shape Lucidya’s adoption and growth.\n\nYou’ll collaborate closely with Product, Design, Growth, and Backend teams, ensuring the product is scalable, intuitive, and optimized for rapid experimentation.Key Responsibilities\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nFrontend Leadership & Vision\n\nDefine and drive the frontend technical vision and roadmap for Lucidya Light.\nChampion PLG best practices: self-serve onboarding, guided tours, frictionless sign-ups.\nArchitect scalable, modular, and maintainable systems with ReactJS, Redux, MUI, and modern web technologies.\n\nExecution & Delivery\n\nLead development of customer-facing experiences: onboarding flows, dashboards, freemium-to-paid upgrade journeys, and growth experiments.\nEnsure pixel-perfect design, high performance, and cross-browser/device compatibility.\nOwn the end-to-end quality of deliverables with modern testing frameworks (Jest, RTL, Cypress).\n\nTeam Building & Mentorship\n\nRecruit, mentor, and grow a world-class frontend team.\nEstablish engineering standards, CI/CD pipelines, and review processes.\nFoster a culture of experimentation, innovation, and continuous learning.\n\nCross-Functional Collaboration\n\nPartner with Product & Growth teams to build PLG funnels (signup activation conversion expansion).\nCollaborate with Backend teams to ensure efficient, secure integrations.\nWork with Data teams to track adoption, usage patterns, and conversion metrics.\n\nInnovation & Growth\n\nStay ahead of trends in SaaS UX, PLG, and frontend engineering.\nIntroduce tools and frameworks to improve developer velocity and customer experience.\nContribute to Lucidya’s IPO-readiness and global scalability initiatives.\n\nRequirements\n\nWhat We’re Looking For\nEducation & Experience\nBachelor’s/Master’s in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent.\n8+ years in frontend development, with 2+ years in technical leadership.\nProven track record of shipping B2B SaaS products, ideally in PLG contexts.\nTechnical Expertise\nAdvanced JavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, ReactJS, Redux, React Query, MUI.\nStrong grasp of frontend architecture, state management, component-driven design.\nExperience with A/B testing, feature flags, analytics instrumentation.\nFamiliarity with real-time apps (WebSockets, Kafka/RabbitMQ) and secure APIs.\nSkilled in CI/CD pipelines, Git workflows, and Agile/Scrum.\nLeadership & Mindset\nAbility to scale and mentor teams in a fast-paced environment.\nCustomer-first mindset with a passion for building delightful, high-performing user experiences.\nStrong collaboration skills with Product, Design, and Growth peers.\nStrategic thinker with a bias for action and experimentation.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Us\n Own the frontend strategy of a high-growth SaaS product with global ambitions.\n Lead and mentor a talented team shaping the next generation of PLG-driven engineers.\n Work at the intersection of Product, Growth, and Engineering, influencing strategy at scale.\n Competitive salary, ESOPs, and a chance to leave your mark on Lucidya’s IPO journey.\n\n Ready to build the future of product-led growth at Lucidya? Apply now and join our PLG squad."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29bb6e08e1719be3","title":"Senior Sales Engineer EMA","company":"Ebara Elliott Energy","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=29bb6e08e1719be3","description":"Overview & Responsibilities\n\nAn excellent opportunity has become available to join Ebara Elliott Energy in the Middle East as a Senior Sales Engineer. The successful candidate will plan, supervise and coordinate designated key accounts and all their relevant business activities.\n\nThe general function of this job is to lead the sales activity of New Apparatus/Products with key accounts through pursuing suitable opportunities and successfully closing orders with customers in line with company guidelines whilst meeting or exceeding booking targets.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nMeet or exceed the regional annual booking quota as established by the corporate business plan.\n\nStrategy generation and communication of it across the company to succeed in winning projects.\n\nEnsure risks are managed effectively and that Elliott Group is not exposed to unnecessary risk relating to contracts signed with customers in the Region (correctly follow the sales process). Regular review with the Sales/Regional Director and Elliott Commercial/Legal team is necessary in relation to this.\n\nRegularly review market changes and dynamics and ensure team is pursuing suitable opportunities that are in-line with the company’s future strategy.\n\nOn a regular basis, review the opportunity list with the Sales Director and sales team to ensure these are aligned with company overall objectives.\n\nEnsure opportunities and booking are communicated effectively and regularly using the corporate tools such as Siebel CRM.\n\nProvide reports & status updates to EMA Sales & Regional Director and other senior executives as required.\n\nForecast and advise agent commission expense with Sales Director.\n\nVisit customers regularly to develop relationships, review opportunities and ensure Elliott Group is correctly positioned in the marketplace.\n\nProvide input to the Corporate Strategic Plan as required.\n\nProvide input to the R&D plan as required.\n\nWork effectively with EMA Global Service to maximise synergies between the two divisions and maximise value added from both groups to our customers.\n\nAnalyse general, economic and competitive business trends within assigned accounts and report to Sales Manager.\n\nMake recommendations on new market opportunities.\n\nProvide forecasting data on all products within assigned accounts.\n\nFoster and maintain good working relationships with Manufacturer’s reps (if applicable) & Sales Representatives in assigned territory.\n\nInitiate complete order entry data requirements on contract for manufacture.\n\nMonitor project order activity during manufacturing, construction and commissioning; cooperate with Project Management and participate in significant commercial decisions affecting assigned accounts.\n\nQualifications & Skills\n\nMinimum Bachelor’s engineering degree or equivalent technical degree.\n\nMBA preferable.\n\nKnowledge of rotating equipment fundamentals and understanding of regional turbomachinery market landscape.\n\nPrior experience in selling high value custom turbomachinery products.\n\nA solid track record for demonstrating leadership, communication, presentation, and human relation skills.\n\nExcellent negotiation skills.\n\nStrong understanding of commercial and financial aspects of contracts.\n\nSolid knowledge of rotating equipment market dynamics within industry.\n\nComputer skills to include use of Microsoft Office software.\n\nBase Location & Work Schedule\n\nThis is a full time permanent remote position based in the United Arab Emirates.\n\nThe world turns to Elliott.\n\nCustomers throughout the world choose Elliott for the design, manufacture and service of their critical rotating equipment. Elliott’s global service network routinely installs, overhauls, repairs, upgrades and rerates machines from any manufacturer. Customers everywhere turn to Elliott for precision engineering, extraordinary reliability and unparalleled service.\n\nTo learn more about our Job Applicant Privacy Notice, please click here."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2b5d92480222dd32","title":"Technical Lead, Implementation Engineer (Remote - Dubai)","company":"Tealium","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"22 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2b5d92480222dd32","description":"When applying for roles at Tealium, please use our official careers page or LinkedIn company profile. All other sites where Tealium careers may appear may not be legitimate.\n\nWHO WE ARE\n\nTealium is the trusted leader in real-time Customer Data Platforms (CDP), helping organizations unify their customer data to deliver more personalized, privacy-conscious experiences. As the demand for connected, intelligent customer engagement grows, Tealium’s leadership in CDP is translating directly into leadership in enabling enterprise AI strategies. By providing clean, consented, and actionable data, Tealium empowers its customers to accelerate the adoption of AI and machine learning, fueling smarter personalization, predictive insights, and business outcomes at scale.\n\nMore than 800 leading global brands trust Tealium to power their customer data strategies and deliver real-time, personalized experiences at scale.\n\nTeam Tealium has team members present in nearly 20 countries worldwide, serving customers across more than 30 countries. We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these. We are intentional about our WOWs (Ways of Work) culture, our investment in our team members, and how we care and connect.\n\nWith an extraordinary portfolio of investors (including Georgian, Silver Lake Waterman, Battery, and others) and deep industry experience, Tealium has the financial backing, profitability, and expertise to continue to outpace competitors and lead the way in innovation. Today, Tealium holds over 50 patents, and a few of the recent industry recognitions include:\n\nA Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms\n\n2025 TrustRadius Award Winner: Buyer’s Choice\n\n2024 Invoca Partner Collaboration Award\n\n2024 G2 Leader in Tag Management & Enterprise Data Governance\n\nTealium Customer Data Hub achieved the Top Rated Award by TrustRadius (2024)\n\nNamed on Destination CRM’s 2024 Top 100 Technologies List for Sales\n\nNamed on the 2024 Best and Brightest in the Nation list\n\nBuiltIn’s 2024 Best Place to Work\n\nWHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR\n\nTealium is seeking a Technical Lead, Implementation Engineer. As part of our Professional Services team, you will play a critical role in helping customers unlock value from Tealium’s product suite. This hybrid role combines hands-on technical implementation, strategic consulting, and solution architecture, giving you the opportunity to act as a trusted advisor to customers throughout their onboarding and ongoing lifecycle.\n\nYou will regularly engage with customers across your region, building strong relationships and driving adoption of Tealium’s solutions. Success in this role requires strong communication skills, strategic thinking, and hands-on technical expertise. You will collaborate closely with regional stakeholders in EMEA/MENA while being supported primarily by our UK-based EMEA team.\n\nThis role offers the opportunity to work with leading global brands, expand your expertise across Tealium’s product ecosystem, and grow within a collaborative, high-performing Professional Services team.\n\nPlease note, that this is a Professional Services role, not a Software Engineering role.\n\nYOUR DAY TO DAY\n\nImplementation & Technical Delivery\n\nLead the hands-on technical configuration, deployment, and validation of Tealium (iQ, AudienceStream, EventStream, DataAccess, Insights and all other products) for customers. This is primarily in-product (GUI) configuration.\n\nDuring implementation and project delivery, maintain a regular onsite presence to ensure visibility and engagement with customers.\n\nWrite and debug performant, scalable JavaScript for tag management, data layer enrichment and server-side functions\n\nTroubleshoot front-end issues including JavaScript tags, APIs, mobile SDKs, and network-level data discrepancies.\n\nImplement best-practice data strategies for event tracking, user identity resolution, customer data visualisations, segmentation building, and audience activation.\n\nDevelop custom attributes and features for customers that generate robust visitor profiles that can be used for complex segmentation, advanced modeling, and AI training.\n\nIntegrate Tealium with marketing and analytics tools for activation such as Google Suite (GA4, SA360, Ads), Adobe Suite (Analytics, Target, Experience Manager), Meta, Salesforce Suite (Marketing Cloud, CRM), Snowflake, DataBricks etc. This is primarily an in-product (GUI) configuration that uses pre-built tags and connectors.\n\nConsult on the data sources that send data into Tealium across the Customer’s multiple real-time engagement and data storage software including websites, mobile apps, data warehouses, call centers, etc, and set up inbound connections or workflows to pull data from these.\n\nSolution Consulting & Strategy\n\nCollaborate with customers to translate business objectives into data strategy and solution design.\n\nGuide clients on customer data architecture, tag governance, and privacy-compliant data capture.\n\nHave a regular onsite presence on a recurring basis with these customers.\n\nContribute to strategic planning sessions and workshops with client teams.\n\nIdentify opportunities for expansion and future value across the Tealium product suite.\n\nStay informed on the evolving role of AI in the Martech ecosystem, and support customers in preparing data infrastructure that enables AI-driven personalisation, insights, and automation.\n\nCross-Regional Collaboration\n\nOperate with autonomy, and proactivity supporting customers in your region, while coordinating closely with the in-region team for training, escalations, and internal planning.\n\nMaintain clear, consistent communication via project management tools (e.g. Jira, Confluence) and remote collaboration tools (e.g. Zoom, Slack).\n\nRepresent Tealium with cultural sensitivity and professionalism across diverse stakeholders in your region.\n\nInternal Enablement & Contribution\n\nContribute to internal and customer-facing knowledge bases, playbooks, and documentation.\n\nShare insights and learnings from customer projects to improve internal tooling, processes, and delivery methodology.\n\nParticipate in peer reviews, team stand-ups, and cross-functional projects within the broader Professional Services and Solutions Engineering teams.\n\nWHAT YOU BRING TO TEALIUM\n\nRequired: 1 to 2 years of experience with Tealium’s full product suite (iQ, AudienceStream, EventStream, DataAccess) or similar Digital Marketing technology.\n\n5+ years’ experience in a client-facing, technical implementation, solutions engineering, or Martech consulting role.\n\nAbility to travel to support customers and business operations.\n\nProficiency in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and web debugging tools (Postman, Chrome DevTools, Proxies (Charles/Fiddler), etc.).\n\nStrong understanding of data layers, tag management systems, and event-based architecture.\n\nExperience with digital marketing and analytics platforms: Adobe Analytics, GA4, Google Tag Manager and Amplitude, etc.\n\nExperience with Journey Orchestration, Marketing Orchestration tools, e.g. SFMC, Braze, AEP, Bloomreach and MoEngage.\n\nFamiliarity with REST APIs, server-side tracking, mobile SDKs, and data enrichment concepts.\n\nExposure to privacy regulations (e.g. GDPR, CCPA) and consent management platforms.\n\nExperience working with data warehouses, SQL, or BI platforms is a plus.\n\nExperience working with dashboarding and visualisation platforms (e.g. Amazon Quicksight)\n\nExcellent communication skills — fluent in English, both written and verbal.\n\nAutonomous and self-motivated, especially when working remotely across time zones.\n\nDegree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field preferred.\n\nWAGE TRANSPARENCY\n\nIn several countries worldwide, including regions within the EMEA and APJ, employers are required or strongly encouraged to include salary ranges in job postings. While requirements vary by location, transparency is a core value at Tealium. We’re committed to providing clear and consistent compensation information to all applicants, regardless of location.\n\nThis full-time position offers a base salary range of 400,000 to 500,000 AED annually. The final offer is determined by job-related skills, experience, and qualifications. The role may also be eligible for a performance-based bonus and equity options.\n\n#LI-PA1\n\n#LI-Remote\n\nWHY YOU WANT TO WORK HERE\n\nAt Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:\n\nTealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium\nMosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries\nTealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually\nTealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment\nTealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants\nTealium Time, paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays\nHealium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness\nTealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs\nHealth and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs\nCollectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.\nThe highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.\n*Offerings vary by level and location."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=31eccfbdb118d475","title":"Binance Accelerator Program - Web3 Operations (for current university students)","company":"Binance","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=31eccfbdb118d475","description":"Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by over 280 million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.\n\nAbout the program\nBinance Accelerator Program is a concise fixed-term program designed for Early Career Talent to have an immersive experience in the rapidly expanding Web3 space. You will be given the opportunity to experience life at Binance and understand what goes on behind the scenes of the worlds’ leading blockchain ecosystem. Alongside your job, there will also be a focus on networking and development, which will expand your professional network and build transferable skills to propel you forward in your career. Learn about BAP Program HERE\n\nWho may apply\nCurrent university students and recent graduates\n\nAbout the team\nThe Binance Wallet team is building a decentralized version of Binance, featuring on-chain infrastructure, self-custody wallets, a DEX, decentralized Earn, and more. We empower users with full control over their assets for seamless token trading across any blockchain. This Web3 initiative expands our strategic landscape and complements our CEX business, offering significant growth potential. Join us and be part of this exciting journey.\nResponsibilities\nCollect and analyze community feedback to provide actionable insights to internal teams to help formulate product development and marketing strategies\nAssist the team lead to implement structured workflow, guidelines and improve team efficiency\nMonitor and control all stages of the project life cycle and ensure that team’s project targets are met within the project timeline\nInvestigate business demands and provide overall solutions and implementation\nRequirements\nUnderstand cryptocurrency related terminology and trends, and have a keen interest in cryptocurrency culture\nGood understanding of financial and blockchain trading platform, especially in on-chain trading platform of Web3 wallet\nAdapt to flexible and extended working hours to engage with KOLs and communities\nExcellent organizational and time management skills and ability to multitask\nMature business experience, strong sense of ownership\nStrong passion for working in an entrepreneurial environment\nAbility to manage multiple projects and meet tight deadlines\nProficiency in using analytics and reporting tools\nWhy Binance\n• Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem\n• Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure\n• Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment\n• Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning\n• Competitive salary and company benefits\n• Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)\n\nBinance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.\nBy submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Candidate Privacy Notice.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=32e3061e5933a17f","title":"Product Specialist - Contact Center Automation and AI","company":"Kavak","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a year ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=32e3061e5933a17f","description":"Job Information\nDate Opened\n07/17/2024\nJob Type\nFull time\nIndustry\nAutomotive\nState/Province\nDubayy (Dubai)\nCity\nDubai\nZip/Postal Code\n337-1500\nCountry\nUnited Arab Emirates\nAbout Us\nWho WE are?\nKAVAK is the number one e-commerce in the purchase and sale of pre-owned vehicles with the fastest growth in Latin America. We work smart and make things happen, offering the easiest, safest and most transparent experience to buy or sell a car.\n\nBut our journey doesn't stop there: at KAVAK our goal is global! Now our footprint extends to the vibrant GCC region as part of our expansion into the Middle East, in the pursuit of our one and only goal: to transform the automotive market around the world.\n\nToday we have more than 180 Kavakees on the GCC team and growing, surrounding ourselves with the best talent to continue building the technology, processes, and products that make us the number one player in the pre-owned car market.\n\nWanna join us on this exciting ride?\n\nJob Description\nWhat will be your mission?\n\nWe are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Product Specialist based in Dubai to join our local team. This individual will collaborate closely with the local team on ground in GCC, and remotely with our Global Teams based out of Mexico to enhance contact center flows through advanced automation and AI-driven solutions. The ideal candidate should possess a strong background in Customer Support, Customer Experience, CRM, and CLM strategies, and demonstrate proficiency in English and Spanish (strongly desired).\n\nWhat you'll do:\n\nProduct Strategy & Roadmap\n\nSupport in developing and executing product strategies and roadmaps focused on improving contact center operations.\n\nIdentify opportunities for implementing AI, chatbots, and automation to enhance customer support and experience.\n\nCustomer Experience Enhancement\n\nCollaborate with cross-functional teams to design and optimize customer journeys within contact centers.\n\nUtilize data-driven insights to drive continuous improvement in customer experience and support processes.\n\nAutomation and AI Implementation\n\nLead the integration and deployment of AI technologies, including large language models (LLMs) and chatbots, to streamline contact center workflows.\n\nOversee the development and implementation of automation solutions to increase efficiency and reduce operational costs.\n\nCRM and CLM Strategies\n\nWork closely with the CLM team to implement and manage CRM and CLM strategies to ensure effective customer relationship management and lifecycle management.\n\nUtilize advanced analytics to monitor and improve customer interactions and satisfaction levels.\n\nTechnical Proficiency\n\nDemonstrate expertise in using Genesys Cloud or Twilio Flex platforms for contact center management.\n\nCollaborate with technical teams to ensure seamless integration of automation tools and AI solutions.\n\nStakeholder Management\n\nCommunicate effectively with senior management, stakeholders, and the recruitment team to align on product goals and objectives.\n\nProvide regular updates on product development progress, challenges, and opportunities.\n\nRequirements\nEducation and Experience\n\nBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. Advanced degree preferred.\n\nMinimum of 3 years of experience in product management, with a focus on customer support, CRM, and CLM strategies.\n\nProven track record of implementing AI, chatbots, and automation in contact center environments would be a plus but not required.\n\nTechnical Skills\n\nStrong understanding of contact center platforms, particularly Genesys Cloud or Twilio Flex.\n\nKnowledge of AI technologies, LLMs, and automation tools.\n\nCommand over SQL and Spreadsheet tools.\n\nLanguage Proficiency\n\nFluent in English and Spanish (strongly desired), with excellent written and verbal communication skills.\n\nAdditional Skills\n\nStrong analytical and problem-solving abilities.\n\nExcellent project management and organizational skills.\n\nAbility to work independently and collaboratively in a remote setting.\n\nBenefits\nHealth Insurance\n\nLife Insurance\n\n22 working days of holidays\n\nFlexible work environment: at KAVAK, we value your well-being. We understand the importance of work-life balance and offer a flexible work model, so you can pursue your passions outside of work.\n\nPreferential price for retail cars upon completion of probation period\n\nDiverse and inclusive company culture: our team that spans continents, cultures, and backgrounds. This diverse workforce brings together a wealth of ideas and experiences, enriching your professional journey."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34bcb7048c0e9572","title":"Sales Manager Governments and Telcos Middle East","company":"Intersec Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=34bcb7048c0e9572","description":"We are looking for a high-performing and ambitious Sales Manager for the Middle East with a proven experience and a passion for selling software solutions to senior executives and governments across the region.\n\nThe goal is to boost top-line revenue growth, customer acquisition levels and profitability in MENA.\n\nTo be successful in this role you must be comfortable making dozens of calls/mails per day, working with channel partners, generating interest, qualifying prospects, and closing sales.\n\nHow about Intersec ?\n\nIntersec Group is a French a GeoData software vendor, we develop innovative software programs that allows telecom operators to leverage data acquired through their networks, to enrich their services or improve their internal processes.\n\nOur technology process and consolidate massive amounts of data from heterogeneous computing devices and networks, transforming them into real-time factual elements that are intelligible for decision-making.\n\nInteresec Group modular and highly scalable solutions range from basic customer management to location-based services and business analytics. They are deployed in more than 80 countries, through an open architecture, with no 3rd party dependency.\n\nWe collaborate with leading telecommunications operators and governments around the world, tackling critical Data management and Geolocation challenges.\n\nWe are a team of 120 people, with offices in Paris (HQ), Dubai and Singapore.\n\nYour Responsibilities:\n\nWithin the Sales team, you will be preferably based in Dubai and reporting to the VP Sales MENA.\n\nYour mission is to plan and execute strategic and tactical plans to achieve sales objectives:\n\nStrategy\n\n Assist in driving the company’s product and market strategies.\n\n Build, develop and maintain profitable partnerships with C level stakeholders.\n\nBusiness\n\n New account acquisition, including prospecting, directly and indirectly following up on inbound leads, generate new organic leads, qualifying, solution selling, negotiation and closing.\n\n Identify local customer needs and grow our customer base in assigned territory through solid solution selling propositions.\n\n Acting as a strategic selling leader to close significant deals and hit sales quotas in tamely manner.\n\n Developing commercial activities using key metrics and prepare reports for senior management, within assigned territories.\n\n Cross-sell products, when appropriate.\n\nMarket\n\n Create awareness about Intersec in several accounts and groups where the name was not heard before.\n\n Represent Intersec in industry or promotional events (e.g., trade shows) and recruit new sponsors.\n\n Manage partners and clients' relationships.\n\nRequirements\n\nWho we’re looking for :\n\nResilient and result oriented with a proven track record in sales in MENA with the Government (mainly Ministry of Home Affairs, Defence & Disaster Management Agencies) and Telecommunications industry.\n10 - 25 years professional sales experience in relevant markets: telecommunication & Government markets.\nProfound understanding of various licenses of business models (subscription, SaaS, term-licensed).\nExperience in selling in Telcom environment (Core Network equipment, Radio, CRM, VAS Platform).\nConsistent and documented success in selling large deals exceeding $1 million.\nTrusted advisor, selling on C level in B2B and B2G markets.\nIn-depth understanding of market research methods and analysis.\nBusiness cased focus: able to drive a business case, build a value proposition.\nStrong skills on selling value-based solution\nExcellent customer service (Client's reference checks will be performed).\nExcellent organizational, leadership and negotiation skills.\nOutstanding communication and interpersonal skills.\nKnowledge of CRM software (Salesforce ideally) and Microsoft Office Suite.\nAvailability to travel as needed.\nFluent Arabic and English are mandatory, another language is a big plus.\n\nBenefits\n\nIf you look up to strategic solution selling challenges and care about managing end-to-end opportunities with stature clients\nIf you're passionate about big data and cutting-edge solutions : we install a completely innovative solution, which manages phenomenal amounts of data and which allows our clients to find new sources of revenue (Big data, Campaign manager, geolocation, location-based advertising)\nIf you're looking for an international scope and eager to travel for business necessities\nIf you enjoy multicultural environments (+22 nationalities)\nPaid Time Off\nWork From Home\nTraining & Development\nPerformance Bonus\n\nReady for the challenge ? Let us know more about you!\n\nPlease provide your resume in English (Our Management speaks English)"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3975973ff0848f72","title":"Campaign & Cold Email Infrastructure Virtual Assistant","company":"Growth Partner and Consultancy Limited","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3975973ff0848f72","description":"About AI Acquisition\n\nAn AI platform emerged as the global category leader in AI service provider enablement. Operating globally, with the US as its primary market, the unique hybrid of Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) and AI marketplace has achieved explosive growth by solving a critical pain point: connecting AI agencies with qualified enterprise opportunities at scale. AI Acquisition combines proprietary AI orchestration tools with proven enterprise SaaS infrastructure, delivers immediate value to the platform’s multiple agency customers and small and medium businesses worldwide.\n\nWe’re revolutionizing the way entrepreneurs build life-changing businesses by brokering AI tools to business owners eager to succeed. At the forefront of the $1.3 trillion AI revolution, we empower our members to earn $500+ per hour with just a few clicks. Whether through our AI Agency Incubator (Self-Guided), AI Accelerator (Done With You), or AI Agency Launchpad (Done For You), we provide the systems, training, and support to help our members achieve rapid success.\n\nHear from our leaders:\n\nJordan Lee, Co-Founder & Chairman, shares insights about the business: Watch here\nMatthew Jones, CEO, discusses his career progression and personal growth since joining The Growth Partner: Watch here\n\nWhy Join AI Acquisition?\n\nBe part of a company managing 4M+ cold emails monthly for 700+ B2B clients.\nGain hands-on experience with cutting-edge outbound systems and infrastructure.\nWork remotely in a high-growth, fast-paced environment with a global team.\nBuild valuable skills in cold outreach, campaign optimization, and deliverability.\nContribute directly to client success by reviving campaigns and improving performance.\n\nThis isn’t just a job—it’s an opportunity to create a new and better life while working with visionary leaders who are shaping the future of AI-driven business growth.\n\nThe Role\n\nWe are seeking a highly skilled Virtual Assistant with proven expertise in cold email campaigns and technical infrastructure. You’ll be responsible for setting up and managing campaigns, monitoring performance, ensuring deliverability, and optimizing copy and systems for maximum impact.\n\nThis is a full-time, remote position (40 hours/week).\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nLead List Management\n\nScrape, clean, and enrich leads using Clay, Apollo, and other enrichment tools.\n\nCampaign Creation & Optimization\n\nBuild and optimize cold email campaigns in Instantly.\nRevive underperforming campaigns and refine copy to boost engagement.\n\nDirect & Indirect Campaigns\n\nManage direct outreach (cold emails) and indirect methods (podcasts, interviews, roundtables).\n\nEmail Infrastructure Setup & Management\n\nConfigure sending domains and DNS records (SPF, DKIM, DMARC).\nManage inbox creation, rotation, and warm-up processes.\nMonitor inbox health and maintain sending reputation.\n\nMonitoring & Auditing\n\nUse best-in-class deliverability tools to track, audit, and improve results.\n\nReporting & Collaboration\n\nShare actionable insights through regular reports.\nCollaborate with internal teams to ensure campaigns align with client goals.\n\nRequirements\n\nTechnical Skills\n\nCold Email Campaigns: Proven success with Instantly and high-volume outreach.\nData Enrichment: Strong experience with Clay, Apollo workflows.\nInfrastructure: Hands-on with domains, DNS (SPF/DKIM/DMARC), warm-up, inbox rotation.\nDeliverability: Knowledge of best practices and tools like GlockApps, Folderly, Postmaster.\nCopywriting: Ability to analyze and optimize cold email copy.\n\nSoft Skills\n\nStrong written communication and attention to detail.\nAnalytical mindset — able to interpret data and spot improvements.\nOrganized and proactive with deadlines.\nAdaptability to fast-paced, high-growth environments.\n\nExperience\n\nPrior success managing cold email campaigns (portfolio/examples required).\nExperience with both direct outreach and indirect campaign formats.\nBonus: Familiarity with automation (n8n, Zapier) and advanced monitoring tools.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhat’s In It for You\n\nCompetitive Pay: Full-time contract role with a competitive hourly rate.\n\nRemote Flexibility: Work from anywhere with a reliable internet connection.\n\nSkill Growth: Gain rare experience with large-scale outbound systems.\n\nImpactful Work: Help clients achieve measurable growth through optimized campaigns.\n\nSupportive Team: Work alongside experts in campaign operations and AI automation.\n\nReady to Join Us?\n\nThis is your chance to be part of an ambitious company shaping the future of outbound client acquisition. If you’re ready to manage high-performing cold email systems, optimize deliverability, and work with a fast-scaling team, we want to hear from you.\n\nApply now by submitting your CV and examples of past cold email campaigns you’ve successfully managed."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3c9de88ec7e30972","title":"PT MEA Commercial Operations Leader","company":"GE Vernova","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3c9de88ec7e30972","description":"Job Description Summary\nResponsible for contracts and processes that help the sales organization achieve business objectives while driving compliance to internal processes.\n\nOwns/influences commercial business operating guidelines and has ownership/influence over mitigating risks in contracts. Guided by functional policy. There is autonomy within the role to enter into/execute Commercial arrangements. High levels of Commercial judgment are required to achieve outcomes required.\n\nJob Description\n\nRoles and Responsibilities:\n\nDrive commercial operations and terms and conditions negotiations for the PT MEA region across sales force effectiveness, sales support, and operational alignment with business goals.\nLead / oversee contract negotiations / closure while adhering by risk assessment / Grid internal policies.\nImplement efficient resource allocation of Commercial Operation resources strategies, and quota planning to support commercial growth.\nDrive deal desk reviews with the support of the different regional and global functions.\nEnsure effective deployment and compliance with Delegation of Authority (DOA) policies and commercial risk controls.\nBuild and scale commercial capabilities through training, process standardization, and digital enablement.\nPartner with global and regional sales, finance, legal, tax and insurance teams to align on best practices and drive deals.\nInfluence internal stakeholders to drive adoption of policies, commercial best practices and change initiatives.\nManage a regional team of commercial professionals, providing coaching, mentoring, and leadership development.\nFoster a culture of accountability, innovation, and continuous improvement\n\nRequired Qualifications:\n\nBachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Engineering, Economics, or a related field\nMinimum of 10 years of experience in commercial operations, sales enablement, sales strategy, or related roles\nExperience working in global or regional commercial operations roles within a multinational corporation, ideally in the Power, Energy, or Industrial Automation sectors\nProven track record in managing sales force effectiveness, back-office operations, and commercial process improvements\nDemonstrated ability to lead and develop diverse, cross-functional teams across geographies.\nStrong experience in driving operational excellence and resource optimization.\nStrong analytical mindset with experience in data-driven decision making and performance metrics.\nAbility to interpret complex commercial and market data to inform strategy and process optimization\nExcellent interpersonal, presentation, and communication skills with the ability to influence at all organizational levels.\nExperience working in cross-functional teams and engaging with both internal and external stakeholders.\nFluent in English & French, both written and spoken\n\nDesired Qualifications:\n\nMaster’s degree in Business Administration (MBA), Finance, or a related discipline\nDeep understanding of regional dynamics and customer landscapes\nExperience in designing and implementing sales incentive compensation programs\nFamiliarity with Lean or Six Sigma methodologies for process improvement.\nPrior involvement in digital transformation initiatives within commercial teams.\nDemonstrated success in leading change management or commercial capability-building initiatives.\nCultural agility and prior experience working across different time zones and cultural environments.\n\nAdditional Information\n\nRelocation Assistance Provided: No\n\n#LI-Remote - This is a remote position"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=41087e36da850cb3","title":"PLG Frontend Engineer (Mid-Level, Remote)","company":"Lucidya","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"23 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=41087e36da850cb3","description":"About Lucidya\n\nLucidya helps brands unlock the power of customer intelligence across the Middle East and beyond. As we expand our product suite, we’re introducing a Product-Led Growth (PLG) layer across our platform to make Lucidya fully self-serve. This means enabling users to onboard faster, discover value quickly, and adopt features with minimal friction.\n\nThe PLG squad is at the heart of this mission, building onboarding journeys, trial-to-paid conversions, in-app growth loops, and delightful user experiences that accelerate adoption and long-term success.\n\nJoining this team means you’ll not only work on high-impact, customer-facing projects, but also see your contributions directly fuel Lucidya’s growth, innovation, and global expansion\n\nAbout the Role\n\nWe’re seeking a Frontend Engineer (Mid-Level) to help bring Lucidya’s PLG vision to life. You will play a central role in translating design into intuitive, high-performing user experiences that reduce friction, increase adoption, and drive growth at scale.\n\nEvery flow you design and every line of code you ship will directly impact how quickly customers activate, discover value, and convert into loyal users.\n\nThis role is ideal for a craft-driven, growth-oriented engineer who thrives in fast-paced environments and loves building beautiful, performant, customer-facing features.\n\nKey Responsibilities\nFeature Ownership\nLead development of core PLG features such as onboarding flows, dashboards, and upgrade journeys.\nTranslate Figma designs into responsive, pixel-perfect React components with a focus on performance and accessibility.\nCollaborate with the Frontend Lead to define architecture, component libraries, and coding standards.\nCollaboration & Delivery\nWork closely with Product, Growth, and Design teams to build and iterate on signup activation conversion funnels.\nPartner with Backend developers to design efficient API integrations and ensure smooth end-to-end functionality.\nSupport experimentation frameworks (A/B testing, feature flags) and embed analytics instrumentation to measure impact.\nQuality & Best Practices\nWrite clean, testable code with unit and integration tests (Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress).\nEnsure cross-browser compatibility, responsiveness, and accessibility across devices.\nContribute to scalable codebases with proper documentation and thoughtful code reviews.\nMentorship & Growth\nProvide technical guidance and mentorship to junior frontend developers.\nShare expertise in React, state management, testing, and performance tuning.\nContinuously improve development workflows, CI/CD pipelines, and tooling.\n\nRequirements\n\nWhat We’re Looking For\nBachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field), or equivalent hands-on experience.\n5–8 years of professional frontend development experience, with 2+ years in SaaS products.\nProven ability to take complex features from concept to production.\n\nTechnical Skills\n\nStrong proficiency in JavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, ReactJS, Redux, React Query, and Material UI (MUI).\nDeep experience with responsive design, accessibility, and cross-browser optimization.\nHands-on knowledge of testing frameworks (Jest, RTL, Cypress).\nFamiliarity with real-time communication (WebSockets, message brokers) is a plus.\nExperience with Git workflows, CI/CD pipelines, and Agile delivery.\n\nMindset & Collaboration\n\nCustomer-first mindset with a passion for building delightful, intuitive UIs.\nStrong communication skills with the ability to work cross-functionally.\nGrowth-oriented engineer who enjoys mentoring and learning.\nThrives in startup/scale-up environments with shifting priorities and fast iterations.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Us\n Build high-visibility, customer-facing features that directly fuel adoption and growth.\n Work under an experienced Frontend Lead while mentoring junior teammates.\n Be part of a fast-scaling AI SaaS company shaping the future of customer intelligence.\n Competitive compensation, ESOPs, and a culture that rewards innovation and ownership.\n\n Ready to build the future of product-led growth at Lucidya? Apply now and join our PLG squad."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=47042064b9e61ebe","title":"A&R Sales Development Representative","company":"liberty music pr","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"12 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=47042064b9e61ebe","description":"Description\n\nA&R Sales Executive (UAE, Remote)\n\nContract: Self-employed, commission-based\nPay: £2,500–£5,500+ per month (typical for reps who consistently hit targets; uncapped commission)\n\nJoin the movement changing the music industry\n\nWe exist to power artist independence. Liberty Music PR gives artists the tools, campaigns and confidence to grow real fanbases—without signing away their rights too early. A new wave of artists are building careers on their own terms. We’re here to help them scale.\n\nThe role\n\nWe’re looking for a passionate, driven A&R Sales Executive to discover exciting talent and champion our PR services. You’ll spot promising artists, open doors with a sharp pitch, and guide them through campaigns that actually move the needle. Music obsession is essential; industry experience is a plus, not a must.\n\nWhat you’ll do\n\nScout talent: Find and evaluate emerging artists via Spotify, YouTube, TikTok and socials.\nPitch & win: Run high-impact outreach, tailor the value prop, and close deals with artists, labels and managers.\nOwn relationships: Be the primary point of contact, steering artists through PR campaigns with clarity and care.\nBuild long-term trust: Nurture repeat business and referrals through results and transparency.\nCollaborate across teams: Brief internal teams on artist goals to ensure flawless delivery.\nRun your pipeline: Add and manage leads in the CRM; keep notes clean and up-to-date.\nStay sharp: Track trends in press, radio, playlisting and TikTok to give artists relevant, actionable advice.\n\nWhat you’ll bring\n\nA real love of music and the people who make it\n2+ years’ sales experience, ideally in lead gen/prospecting\nResilience and a healthy attitude to rejection\nProject management superpowers and attention to detail\nStrong communication and people skills\nSelf-starter energy: you set and follow your own daily routine\nCRM experience is a plus\n\nWhy you’ll love it here\n\nUncapped commission: earn what you close\nHit-target incentives: outperform and get rewarded\nRemote freedom: work from home or your favourite coffee shop\nFlexible schedule: own your hours; own your outcomes\nSupportive crew: team huddles, coaching and a collaborative vibe\nFun culture: friendly competitions, outings and company events\nValues-driven: Communication, Results-Driven, Transparency, Accountability, Positivity & Resilience, and Empathy\n\nIf you’re excited to help artists grow without giving up their rights—and you’ve got the hustle to match—we’d love to hear from you."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=48bd95e9d29ee2f3","title":"Sales Manager – Middle East","company":"Buyer foresight","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=48bd95e9d29ee2f3","description":"Middle East (preferably Dubai)\n\nSummary\n\nWe are looking for a talented salesperson with a hunter mentality to sell for our events-driven demand generation business. You can see examples of our conferences and virtual roundtables at www.commonsense.events and more information at www.buyerforesight.com\n\nWhat you will do?\n\nYou will be contacting prospective new customers by email and phone. Your focus will be more on selling than prospecting, though you’ll need to do both in order to be successful. Our research team will do outreach to identify leads and convert some to sales discovery meetings for you.\n\nYou’ll need establish whether each prospect has need of our offerings and help them understand why our solution is a good investment for them.\n\nClosely collaborate with our US based CRO and our India-based demand generation and research teams to create and execute outbound sales campaigns using a combination of email and phone outreach.\n\nResearch accounts, identify key players and generate interest\nUnderstand customer needs and requirements\nLearn to speak with authority about the topics we cover in our events\nClose sales and achieve quarterly quotas\nMaintain and expand a database of prospects within your assigned territory\nRequirements\nPositive, can-do attitude, resilient in the face of setbacks\nB2B events sales experience and track record is a must, preferably in technology-heavy areas\nAt least 6–10 years of relevant sales experience\nStrong phone presence and experience dialling dozens of calls per day\nProficient with GSuite web applications such as Google Drive, Docs, Sheets and Presentations\nExperience working with CRM\nExcellent verbal and written communications skills\nStrong listening skills\nAbility to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively\nBachelor Degree or equivalent\nRequirements\nFixed Salary + Variables and bonus for high energy candidate\nThis is a full time position\nThis is a remote position (or from a Co-working space of your choice)\nWorking at BuyerForesight™\nPaid time off\nFive-day work week\nContinuous learning\nPremium Laptop\nFast-Paced Environment\nOpen Communication"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4bfa340383a75af7","title":"Inventory Associate","company":"Careem","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4bfa340383a75af7","description":"Careem is building the Everything App for the greater Middle East, making it easier than ever to move around, order food and groceries, manage payments, and more. Careem is led by a powerful purpose to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Since 2012, Careem has created earnings for over 2.5 million Captains, simplified the lives of over 70 million customers, and built a platform for the region’s best talent to thrive and for entrepreneurs to scale their businesses. Careem operates in over 70 cities across 10 countries, from Morocco to Pakistan.\n\nAbout the team\n\nCareem Grocery is on a mission to reinvent how people shop for their daily essentials. As an exciting new vertical within Careem (a startup within a startup), we’re in the early stages of building our product. We have plenty of interesting and fundamental challenges to solve to achieve our ambitious\n\nWhat you'll do\n\nLead day-to-day inventory management activities including but not limited to Stock count, inventory adjustments, checks and investigations.\nEnsure seamless coordination across workstations to maintain flow and meet transfer order SLAs.\nImprove operational throughput by identifying bottlenecks and optimizing workflows.\nManage and motivate a team of pickers, setting clear goals and expectations.\nConduct shift planning, task allocation, and productivity management.\nRun onboarding and continuous training programs on SOPs, systems, and safety procedures.\nBuild and maintain dashboards and trackers to monitor Inventory accuracy.\nUse data to drive continuous improvement, solve operational problems, and hit performance targets.\nLeverage system-controlled transactions to minimize deviations.\nDevelop and uphold standard operating procedures (SOPs) to ensure consistency, efficiency, and compliance.\nMonitor adherence to processes and identify areas for refinement and automation.\nSupport rollouts of new operational initiatives and system changes.\nEnforce a safety-first culture through regular training, compliance checks, and risk mitigation practices.\nMaintain inventory accuracy through proper stock count check routines and plans.\nInvestigate stock discrepancies, minimize shrinkage, and manage expired/damaged goods processes.\n\nWhat you'll need\n\n4+ years of experience in Inventory management\nFamiliarity with ERP, WMS systems and digital tools used in day-to-day operations.\nExperience with dashboarding tools, spreadsheets, and performance analysis. SQL proficiency is a strong plus for extracting and working with operational data.\nPrior experience or working knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics is highly preferred.\nSolid understanding of warehouse best practices, including inventory control, slotting, and space optimization.\nHands-on, proactive, and solution-oriented — you’re comfortable on the warehouse floor, store environment and thrive under pressure.\nStrong communication skills, with the ability to train, motivate, and drive accountability within your team.\n\nWhat we’ll provide you\n\nWe offer colleagues the opportunity to drive impact in the region while they learn and grow. As a full time Careem colleague, you will be able to:\n\nWork and learn from great minds by joining a community of inspiring colleagues.\nPut your passion to work in a purposeful organisation dedicated to creating impact in a region with a lot of untapped potential.\nExplore new opportunities to learn and grow every day.\nWork 4 days a week in office & 1 day from home, and remotely from any country in the world for 30 days a year with unlimited vacation days per year. (If you are in an individual contributor role in tech, you will have 2 office days a week and 3 to work from home.)\nAccess to healthcare benefits and fitness reimbursements for health activities including gym, health club, and training classes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4dee2f9f4f3b7f7a","title":"Sales and Marketing Intern","company":"The cognitive sol Web-design","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4dee2f9f4f3b7f7a","description":"*Job Title:* Business Development Intern\n*Company:* The Cognitive Sol Web-Design\n*Location:* Remote *Internship Type:* Remote\n\n*Duration:* 3 months to Full time Opportunity\n*Stipend:* Unpaid/Performance-based Stipend\n*Start Date:* “Immediate Joining”\n\n*About Us*\n\nAt *The Cognitive Sol Web-Design*, we specialize in crafting digital experiences that drive results. Our services include *web design*, *software solutions*, *internet content*, *social media marketing*, *training and education platforms*, *data services*, *blogging*, and *portal management*. We help businesses leverage technology to grow their presence and impact.\n\n*Role Overview*\n\nWe are looking for a proactive and ambitious *Business Development Intern* to join our growing team. This role will focus on generating leads, initiating client conversations through cold calling, and supporting the sales pipeline across our full suite of digital services.\n\n*Key Responsibilities*\n\n* *Generate leads* through online research, outreach, and networking.\n* Conduct *cold calling* and email campaigns to engage potential clients.\n* Present and pitch company services such as:\n* Web Design & Development\n* Software Design (Computer Systems & Communication Equipment)\n* Internet Content & Blogging Services\n* Education & Training\n* Social Media Marketing & Application Management\n* Portal & Data Entry Services\n* Qualify leads and schedule meetings or demos with senior team members.\n* Maintain accurate records of interactions in CRM tools.\n* Support proposal creation and client presentations.\n* Conduct market research and competitor analysis to refine outreach strategies.\n* Collaborate with marketing and design teams to align messaging with campaigns.\n\n*Preferred Skills & Qualifications*\n\n* Pursuing or completed a degree in Business, Marketing, Communications, or IT-related fields.\n* Strong verbal and written communication skills.\n* Confident and persuasive on phone and in written communication.\n* Comfortable with cold calling and lead qualification.\n* Familiarity with digital services and marketing tools is a plus.\n* Organized, self-driven, and eager to learn in a fast-paced environment.\n\n*What You’ll Gain*\n\n* Hands-on experience in business development and sales outreach.\n* Real-world exposure to digital and tech industry trends.\n* Practical experience in lead generation and client engagement.\n* Opportunity to convert into a full-time role based on performance.\n* Letter of recommendation and internship certificate upon successful completion.\n\n*How to Apply*\n\nSend your resume and a short statement about your interest in the role to tcognitivesolwebdesign@gmail.com\n\n*Be a part of The Cognitive Sol Web-Design* – where creativity meets strategy, and ideas turn into impact.\n\nJob Types: Internship, Fresher\nContract length: 3-6 months\n\nPay: AED100.00 - AED10,000.00 per month"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e90c7a845fed2f8","title":"Arabic Editor Internship","company":"Arabiio Star Social Media Marketing LLC","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4e90c7a845fed2f8","description":"*Job Title:* Arabic Video Editor\n*Location:* Dubai Silicon Oasis, UAE (Hybrid/On-site)\n*Job Type:* Internship\n*Department:* Content Production\n*Language Requirement:* Fluent in Arabic & English\n\n*About Arabiio Studio*\n\nArabiio is a content-driven performance marketing company based in Dubai. We specialize in crafting scroll-stopping videos, brand storytelling, social media strategy, and turnkey podcast production for startups, SMEs, and enterprise brands. Our team blends creativity with conversion — and we’re expanding fast.\n\n*Job Overview*\n\nWe’re looking for a talented *Arabic Video Editor Internship* (3 months) to join our fast-paced creative team. If you live and breathe storytelling, know how to turn raw footage into digital gold, and can edit content that not only looks stunning but also performs — we want you on board. Your core responsibility will be editing video content for Arabic-speaking audiences across platforms like Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Snapchat, and Meta.\n\n*Key Responsibilities*\n\n* Edit short-form and long-form videos in *Modern Standard Arabic and Gulf dialect* where needed.\n* Add Arabic subtitles, captions, and on-screen text creatively and accurately.\n* Edit UGC, branded videos, ads, reels, and podcast snippets for multiple platforms.\n* Collaborate with our creative leads, DOPs, and social media managers to ensure brand alignment.\n* Color correct, sound mix, and finalize videos for multi-platform use.\n* Organize, manage, and maintain video assets and templates.\n* Maintain quick turnaround without compromising quality.\n* Stay updated on social platform trends and editing styles popular with Arabic-speaking audiences.\n\n*Must-Have Skills*\n\n* Proficiency in *Premiere Pro* (and optionally After Effects, CapCut, or DaVinci Resolve)\n* Native-level fluency in Arabic (reading, writing, and listening)\n* Strong command over English\n* Deep understanding of pacing, visual rhythm, and platform-specific styles\n* Excellent attention to detail in subtitles, translations, and on-screen copy\n* Familiarity with popular social formats and viral content\n* Strong portfolio showcasing Arabic edits across formats\n\n*Why Join Arabiio?*\n\n* Work with high-growth brands in Dubai & the GCC\n* Creative freedom with a results-first mindset\n* Energetic, collaborative team environment\n* Opportunity to grow into Lead Arabic Editor or Localization Specialist role\n* Studio-based shoots + remote-friendly editing workflow\n\nJob Type: Part-time\n\nPay: AED1,000.00 - AED1,500.00 per month"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ed6691f563a0116","title":"Sales Manager, Events","company":"Brainforce","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ed6691f563a0116","description":"We are currently recruiting for our client, a dynamic Events Management Company, a highly motivated and skilled Arabic speaking Sales Manager, based in Dubai.This role is ideal for a driven individual with a talent for prospecting, attracting and closing new clients. As a Sales Manager, you will play a pivotal role in expanding their exhibitor and sponsor base, ensuring the continued growth and success of the business products. This position demands a proactive approach to identifying and engaging potential clients, understanding their needs and delivering solutions that align with their business goals.\nResponsibilities:\n• Actively prospect for new clients through research, networking and leveraging social media and sales platforms.\n• Employ a strategic approach for initial engagement and tailored communication for prospective clients.\n• Develop and maintain a robust pipeline of qualified leads, moving them through the sales cycle from initial contact to closure.\n• Conduct meetings with potential clients to understand the unique needs and challenges of potential clients and propose opportunities that align with their objectives.\n• Negotiate contracts and close agreements, aiming for outcomes that benefit both the client and the company equally.\n• Maintain accurate records of all sales activities, including client communications, proposals and contracts, within the CRM system.\n• Attend company and industry events to represent our company, network with potential clients, and stay up-to-date on market trends and competitor activity.\n• Maintain a deep understanding of industry trends, news and updates, leveraging this knowledge to better identify and engage with potential clients.\n• Work closely with the marketing team to identify and target key segments within the financial services and fintech industries.\n• Collaborate with the operations team to ensure a seamless onboarding experience for new exhibitors and sponsors.\n• Provide feedback from clients to the product and marketing teams to help shape future sales strategies and expo offerings.\n\nRequirements:\n\nQualifications & Skills:\n• Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Sales, or a related field\n• Proven sales experience, with a track record of successfully prospecting and closing new business. (3-5 years).\n• Previous experience in exhibition and events industry is essential\n• Strong understanding of the financial services and fintech industries, with existing networks a plus.\n• Arabic speaking is essential.\n• Self-motivated and driven to achieve sales targets.\n• Effective problem-solving abilities to address client needs and challenges\n• Ability to work independently and as part of a team.\n• Proficiency in CRM software and Microsoft Office Suite.\n• Willingness to travel as needed for client meetings and industry events\n\nPersonal Attributes:\n• Clear and articulate communication skills, both verbal and written, to convey expo details, negotiate effectively and maintain professional relationships.\n• Excellent communication, negotiation and interpersonal skills.\n• Highly organized with attention to detail.\n• Adaptability to changing market conditions and client requirements.\n• Highly self-motivated with a proactive approach to identifying sales opportunities.\n\nBenefits:\n\n• Private Health Insurance\n• Work From Home\n• Training & Development\n• Performance Bonus"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4f52e7a7a37c54b1","title":"PMO Lead - Implementation","company":"RTC-1 Employment Services","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"UAE\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"UAE\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4f52e7a7a37c54b1","description":"The Role\nPosition Title: PMO Lead - Implementation Employment Type: Full Time Salary: up to 8,000 USD all-inclusive depending on experience and qualifications Benefits: Company provides laptop and office resources, one-time setup allowance, performance based/ year-end incentives Job Location: Remote (Home Based) Job Description: Design, standardize, and enforce global implementation frameworks, toolkits, and quality standards to ensure consistent delivery excellence. Oversee project portfolio dashboards, monitor delivery KPIs, and present data-driven insights to senior leadership for decision-making. Lead root cause analysis, identify automation opportunities, and drive continuous process optimization across global payroll implementations. Partner with Product, Compliance, Configuration, and Customer Success teams to align methodologies, ensure risk control, and support client satisfaction.\n\nRequirements\nAbout the Client: A global HR tech and payroll solutions provider driving digital transformation and seamless workforce management worldwide. Qualifications: 45 years old and below 10+ years in global payroll, SaaS, or HR tech implementation, with 8+ years in program or project management. Bachelor’s degree in business, Project Management, or related field (Master’s or PMP/PMI certification preferred). Proven experience in setting up or managing a PMO within payroll or technology delivery environments, with strong knowledge of project governance, compliance standards, and tools like Monday.com, Jira, or Fresh works. How to Apply: Send your CV in word format to: HRJOBZ2020 AT GMAIL DOT COM and use “PMO LEAD - IMPLEMENTATION” as email subject\n\nAbout the company\nRTC-1 Employment Services is a licensed recruitment firm based in Dubai, UAE. Our team has been in the market since 2004 and we are supporting various industries with their staffing needs across the Middle East and Africa."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a0ef61588642da4","title":"Sales Executive-Female","company":"UBL Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"21 hours ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a0ef61588642da4","description":"*Job Summary:*\n\nWe are looking for a motivated and results-driven *Telesales Representative* to join our growing sales team. In this role, you will be responsible for contacting potential and existing customers by phone to sell products or services, generate leads, and maintain customer relationships.\n\n*Key Responsibilities:*\n\n* Make outbound calls to potential customers to introduce and sell products or services.\n* Answer incoming calls from prospective customers and provide information about offerings.\n* Understand customer needs and handle objections effectively.\n* Maintain detailed records of calls, customer interactions, and sales outcomes in the CRM system.\n* Meet or exceed daily, weekly, and monthly sales targets.\n* Follow up on leads generated through marketing campaigns.\n* Upsell and cross-sell products when appropriate.\n* Handle customer inquiries in a professional and courteous manner.\n* Stay up to date with product knowledge, pricing, and promotional offers.\n\n*Requirements:*\n\n* Proven experience in telesales, telemarketing, or a similar sales/customer service role.\n* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.\n* Ability to persuade and negotiate effectively.\n* Self-motivated, goal-oriented, and able to work independently.\n* Strong organizational and time-management skills.\n* Basic computer proficiency, including CRM systems and Microsoft Office.\n* High school diploma or equivalent; a degree in business or marketing is a plus.\n\n*Working Conditions:*\n\n* Full-time position.\n* Office-based or remote (depending on the company).\n* Shift timings may vary based on target markets (local/international).\n\n*Salary and Benefits:*\n\n* Competitive base salary plus performance-based commission.\n* Sales incentives and bonuses.\n* Training and career development opportunities.\n* Health and wellness benefits (depending on company policy).\n\nJob Types: Full-time, Permanent\n\nPay: AED2,500.00 - AED3,000.00 per month"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a3fe46b92896c77","title":"DLP & Incident Response Engineer","company":"Binance","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5a3fe46b92896c77","description":"Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by over 280 million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.\n\nWe’re looking for a security engineer with hands-on experience in Data Loss Prevention (DLP) and incident response, ideally within fintech, crypto, or high-security environments. The role goes beyond using commercial tools you’ll also design and build custom solutions, leverage automation, and adapt to emerging threats, including those driven by recent LLM/AI advancements.\nResponsibilities\nDesign, deploy, and optimize DLP solutions across network, endpoint, and cloud.\nBuild and refine data classification schemes for sensitive assets (wallets, trading algorithms, customer PII).\nConfigure DLP policies to prevent data exfiltration while minimizing false positives.\nMonitor, analyze, and tune alerts and incidents for continuous improvement.\nLead investigations of DLP incidents and insider threats,\nConduct threat hunting and forensic analysis of data exfiltration attempts.\nIntegrate DLP monitoring into broader SOC workflows and incident response playbooks.\nBuild custom DLP tools and integrations (e.g., macOS Swift endpoint protection, Unix socket monitoring).\nDevelop automation scripts, APIs, regexes and integrations to enhance detection and response.\nExplore AI/LLM-driven methods for anomaly detection and response efficiency.\nEnsure controls align with crypto and financial regulations (AML, KYC, GDPR, CCPA).\nSupport audits and regulatory reviews related to data protection.\nAssess and mitigate data loss risks across trading platforms, onboarding systems, and blockchain infrastructure.\nRequirements\n4+ years in a SOC or security operations role with incident response focus.\nProven experience with DLP design, deployment, and monitoring.\nStrong programming skills (macOS Swift, Unix socket programming, scripting).\nHands-on threat hunting, forensic analysis, and APT detection experience.\nFamiliarity with SIEM, EDR, and cloud security architectures.\nKnowledge of encryption, tokenization, and data classification methods.\nNice-to-have\n4+ years in a SOC or security operations role with incident response focus.\nProven experience with DLP design, deployment, and monitoring.\nStrong programming skills (macOS Swift, Unix socket programming, scripting).\nHands-on threat hunting, forensic analysis, and APT detection experience.\nFamiliarity with SIEM, EDR, and cloud security architectures.\nKnowledge of encryption, tokenization, and data classification methods.\nWhy Binance\n• Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem\n• Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure\n• Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment\n• Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning\n• Competitive salary and company benefits\n• Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)\n\nBinance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.\nBy submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Candidate Privacy Notice.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5c8981ee696cfb6b","title":"Senior Account Executive – MEA","company":"Gimmonix","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5c8981ee696cfb6b","description":"Why Join Us?\n\nGimmonix is scaling fast—and RateFox, our game-changing hotel rate optimization platform, is leading the charge. We’re expanding into the APAC market, and we’re looking for a Senior AE who’s ready to own the region.\nThis isn’t a role for a rep waiting for inbound leads—this is for a hunter who knows how to build pipeline, close enterprise deals, and operate independently in a high-growth SaaS environment.\nYou’ll be the first sales hire dedicated to APAC, driving growth across markets like China, Australia, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, and more. Backed by a high-performance product, solid support, and real customer traction, your work will lay the foundation for our long-term APAC expansion.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\nOwn the APAC region: Prospect, pitch, and close new business with OTAs, TMCs, wholesalers, and travel brands.\nDrive pipeline from scratch: Identify opportunities, engage decision-makers, and build trusted relationships across diverse markets.\nExecute full-cycle sales: From lead gen and demos to contract negotiation and handoff to success.\nBe the face of RateFox in the region: Represent us at conferences, trade shows, and client meetings.\nCollaborate cross-functionally: Work closely with marketing, product, and support to align messaging and improve regional fit.\n\nWhat You Bring\n5+ years of B2B SaaS sales, ideally in travel tech, hospitality tech, or data/API-driven platforms.\nProven success in hunting new logos and selling into enterprise or mid-market clients.\nAbility to work remotely and autonomously, managing a complex territory across multiple countries.\nCultural agility and regional understanding—APAC experience is a must.\nExperience using CRM and sales tech stack (HubSpot preferred).\n\nWhat You’ll Get\nCompetitive OTE based compensation\nHigh-impact role—first AE in the region, with autonomy to shape the GTM motion.\nFast-track exposure to leadership and strategy discussions.\nA strong product with real traction and a powerful value proposition.\nA remote-first culture that rewards ownership and execution.\n\nLet’s Talk If…\nYou’re a top-performing AE who thrives in high-autonomy, high-responsibility roles.\nYou love opening new markets and want to be the go-to sales leader in APAC.\nYou want to sell a product that solves real, complex problems in travel.\n\nIndustry\nTechnology, Information and Internet\n\nLocation\nMiddle East and Africa\n\nEmployment Type\nFull-time"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5d1da54b567d2dfd","title":"Machine Learning Operations (ML/Ops) Engineer - Team Lead","company":"Brixio","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5d1da54b567d2dfd","description":"Machine Learning Operations (ML/Ops) Engineer - Team Lead\n﻿Location / Work Setup: Remote\n\nAbout Us:\nWe are a dynamic and innovative team currently engaged in an exciting Request for Quote (RFQ) process for a client based in Hong Kong. We are on the lookout for a skilled Machine Learning Operations Engineer, particularly someone experienced in deploying Machine Learning models into pipelines. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a high-impact project where your contributions will shape the future capabilities of our client's ML infrastructure.\nKey Responsibilities:\n• Lead a team of ML/Ops engineers in deploying and managing Machine Learning models.\n• Build and enhance capabilities to seamlessly integrate ML models into existing pipelines.\n• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand project requirements and ensure successful deployment.\n• Provide ongoing support to accommodate surges in requirements, focusing on scalability and efficiency.\n• Utilize Python for scripting and automation tasks.\n• Work with Cloud platforms, particularly Azure and GCP to optimize machine learning workflows.\n\nRequirements:\n\n• For Team Lead Position:\n• At least 3 years of experience in ML/Ops or a related field.\n• Proven leadership skills with the ability to guide and inspire a team.\n• Excellent communication skills to effectively liaise with clients and internal teams.\n• For ML/Ops Engineer Position:\n• Strong experience in deploying Machine Learning models.\n• Proficiency in Python for scripting and automation.\n• Hands-on experience with Cloud platforms, particularly Azure and GCP.\n• Prior experience in addressing scalability and pricing concerns in ML operations.\nHow to Apply:\nIf you are a passionate ML/Ops professional ready to take on a leadership role or contribute your expertise to a cutting-edge project, we want to hear from you. Please submit your resume, highlighting your relevant experience, and a cover letter detailing your approach to scalability and pricing in ML operations.\nNote: This is a unique opportunity to make a significant impact on a client's ML capabilities, and we are excited to welcome individuals who share our enthusiasm for innovation and excellence."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b63b00fac617412","title":"Sitecore Engineer","company":"VML","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6b63b00fac617412","description":"Who We Are:\n\nAt VML, we are a beacon of innovation and growth in an ever-evolving world. Our heritage is built upon a century of combined expertise, where creativity meets technology, and diverse perspectives ignite inspiration. With the merger of VMLY&R and Wunderman Thompson, we have forged a new path as a growth partner that is part creative agency, part consultancy, and part technology powerhouse.\n\nOur global family now encompasses over 30,000 employees across 150+ offices in 64 markets, each contributing to a culture that values connection, belonging, and the power of differences. Our expertise spans the entire customer journey, offering deep insights in communications, commerce, consultancy, CRM, CX, data, production, and technology. We deliver end-to-end solutions that result in revolutionary work.\n\nWho we're looking for:\n\nWe are seeking a highly skilled Sitecore Engineer with extensive experience in developing, implementing, and maintaining large-scale Sitecore solutions. The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of Sitecore's architecture, including headless implementations, personalization, multi-language, and multi-site configurations. You will play a crucial role in transforming our web platforms into fully functional, scalable, and optimized digital experiences.\n\nWhat you'll be doing:\n\nSitecore Development:\n\nLead the developments of Sitecore XP and headless JSS applications using Next.js or similar frameworks.\nImplement and optimize GraphQL or REST API integrations for seamless data retrieval and content management.\nEnsure all frontend components are CMS-enabled and manageable through Sitecore's Experience Editor.\n\nPersonalization, A/B Testing and User Experience:\n\nDesign and implement personalized user experiences based on user behavior, browser data, and other contextual factors using Sitecore's Rules Engine.\nCreate and manage dynamic content and personalization rules to enhance engagement and user satisfaction.\n\nForm Development and Security:\n\nDevelop complex forms, ensuring proper validation, including CSRF protection, and secure data handling.\nImplement custom validation logic and handle form submissions to enhance user interaction.\n\nMulti-language and Multi-site Management:\n\nSet up and manage multi-language content, ensuring seamless user experience across different languages with proper language fallback mechanisms.\nConfigure and maintain multi-site environments, supporting multiple brands or regions under a single Sitecore instance.\n\nExperience Analytics:\n\nIntegrate Sitecore Experience Analytics to track user interactions, set up goals and events, and analyze user behavior to provide actionable insights.\nCollaborate with marketing and analytics teams to leverage data for improving site performance and personalization.\n\nDevOps and Deployment:\n\nDockerize Sitecore applications for scalable deployment in various environments, including development, testing, and production.\nWork with the DevOps team to automate deployment pipelines and ensure robust CI/CD practices.\n\nOptimization and Best Practices:\n\nEnsure all applications are optimized for performance, security, and scalability.\nAdhere to Sitecore and web development best practices, including code quality, maintainability, and documentation.\n\nCollaboration and Leadership:\n\nMentor junior developers and provide technical leadership within the team.\nCollaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including design, content, marketing, and IT, to deliver high-quality digital experiences.\n\nWhat you'll need:\n\nBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field (or equivalent experience).\nMinimum of 5 years of hands-on experience with Sitecore development, including Sitecore JSS and headless architecture.\nProficiency in Next.js, React, or similar front-end frameworks.\nProven experience in building and managing CMS-enabled components with Sitecore.\nExperience with Sitecore JSS, XM, Content Hub and Sitecore XP.\nExperience with Sitecore SXA (Sitecore Experience Accelerator) and EXM (Email Experience Manager).\nDeep understanding of Sitecore personalization, experience analytics, and tracking implementation.\nExperience with multi-language and multi-site Sitecore setups is highly desirable.\nSolid knowledge of Docker and containerization practices.\nExcellent problem-solving skills and ability to work independently and as part of a team.\nStrong communication skills to articulate technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.\n\nNice to Have:\n\nKnowledge of cloud platforms like Azure or AWS, especially in the context of Sitecore hosting.\nFamiliarity with SEO best practices and accessibility standards.\n\nWhat We Offer:\n\nCompetitive salary and benefits package.\nOpportunities for professional growth and development.\nA collaborative and innovative work environment.\nFlexible work hours and remote work options from the same city.\nInvolvement in exciting projects using the latest technologies.\n\nWe believe the best work happens when we're together, fostering creativity, collaboration, and connection. That's why we've adopted a hybrid approach, with teams in the office an average of four days a week. If you require accommodations or flexibility, please discuss this with the hiring team during the interview process.\n\nWPP (VML) is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without discrimination or regard to characteristics. We are committed to fostering a culture of respect in which everyone feels they belong and has the same opportunities to progress in their careers.\n\nVML is a WPP Agency. For more information, please visit our website, and follow VML on our social channels via Instagram, LinkedIn, and X.\n\nWhen you click \"Submit Application\", this will send any information you add below to VML. Before you do this, we think it's a good idea to read through our Recruitment Privacy Policy. California residents should read our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. This explains what we do with your personal data when you apply for a role with us, and, how you can update the information you have provided us with or how to remove it."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ceff40afcfb8b21","title":"Enterprise Account Executive - MEA","company":"Camunda Careers","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"UAE\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"UAE\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6ceff40afcfb8b21","description":"Location\n\nUAE\n\nEmployment Type\n\nFull time\n\nLocation Type\n\nRemote\n\nDepartment\n\nSales\nSales (Division)\nCamunda is the leader in enterprise agentic automation, orchestrating complex business processes, including high-value knowledge work, across agents, people, and systems. By creating production-ready, enterprise-grade agents with built-in governance, Camunda uniquely delivers trusted AI agents for business-critical processes. Over 700 leading innovators like Atlassian, ING, and Vodafone, rely on Camunda to slash time-to-value from months to days, boost operational efficiency, and elevate customer experiences.\n\nAs a fully remote, global company, we’re rewriting the rules of modern business. Named GP Bullhound’s 2024 Top 100 Next Unicorn list, certified as a Great Place to Work, and recognized by Flexa for true flexibility, we’re growing fast and looking for top talent to join our team. If you’re excited to do meaningful work and make real impact, keep reading, this role could be the one you’ve been waiting for.\n\nAbout the Role:\n\nAt Camunda, we’re helping some of the world’s largest organizations, including global banks, insurers, and public sector institutions, transform how they orchestrate their most mission-critical business processes. As an Enterprise Account Executive (MEA), you’ll play a key role in expanding our presence across the Middle East, with a strong focus on the BFSI and Public Sector in the UAE.\n\nThis isn’t a cookie-cutter sales role; you’ll be joining a values-driven, product-led company where your ideas, initiative, and strategic thinking will directly shape our success in one of our most exciting growth markets. If you’re someone who thrives on building deep customer relationships, selling with integrity, and creating long-term impact, we’d love to meet you.\n\nWhat you'll be doing:\n\n Own and grow a defined territory in the MEA region, focusing on large enterprise accounts (5,000+ employees) across BFSI and Public Sector.\n\nBuild trusted relationships with C-level decision-makers in both business and IT, driving meaningful conversations and long-term value.\n\nDevelop and execute strategic Account Plans that align with customer goals and Camunda’s growth targets.\n\nGenerate new pipeline through outbound campaigns, ecosystem partners, and creative prospecting. This role is as much about hunting as it is about closing.\n\nLead consultative, value-based sales cycles using proven methodologies such as MEDDICC and Challenger Sales.\n\nCollaborate closely with our Solutions Engineering, Customer Success, and Product teams to ensure the best possible customer outcomes.\n\nWhat you bring:\n\n5+ years of enterprise software sales experience in the UAE, with a consistent track record of overachieving quota.\n\nExperience selling to large enterprises (5,000+ employees), particularly in the Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, and Public Sector verticals.\n\nProven ability to navigate complex buying centers, influencing both IT and business stakeholders at the C-level.\n\nStrong grasp of sales methodologies such as MEDDICC, Challenger, or similar frameworks.\n\nComfortable building new pipeline from scratch, this role requires initiative, grit, and ownership.\n\nNative in Arabic and fluency in English.\n\nNice-to-haves:\n\nFamiliarity with Camunda’s product or process automation platforms.\n\nExperience working in a product-led or open-source software company.\n\nPassion for process improvement, automation, and helping customers modernize legacy systems.\n\nAbility and willingness to use Camunda’s product for demos or learning.\n\n#LI-LT1 #LI-Remote C 2\n\nWhat We Have to Offer:\n\nCompensation\n\nWe offer competitive, fair, and transparent compensation. Salary ranges are location-based, with Standard and Major markets (global tech hubs) reflecting local competition.\n\nThe Annual Total Target Cash (base salary + 100% variable target, where applicable) shown below spans from the minimum in a Standard market to the maximum in a Major market. Final offers depend on skills, experience, and location, and we typically hire in the first half of the range to allow room for growth:\n\nUnited States: $244,600 to $403,600\n\nGermany: €158,000 to €261,400\n\nUnited Kingdom: £153,600 to £252,600\n\nSingapore: S$303,800 to S$455,700\n\nIf you’re based elsewhere, you’ll be hired via Remote.com (our global employer partner), and your Talent Acquisition Partner will provide a personalized Total Rewards Calculator after your first interview.\n\nEquity: We also offer equity (where applicable) through our Virtual Stock Option Plan (VSOP).\n\nBenefits & Perks\n\nWe invest in your wellbeing, growth, and ability to connect, along with perks that support you no matter where you’re based. Our benefits are globally designed and locally delivered where applicable.\n\nRemote & Flexible: Work from anywhere with the setup that suits you, home office budget, co-working space support, and flexible time off to recharge when you need it.\n\nIn Person Connection: We invest in meaningful face time through our Annual Kickoff (Vienna in 2025, Madrid in 2026!), team offsites, and Camundi Connection Budgets, including contributing to meetups while travelling,, and local gatherings with fellow Camundi.\n\nHealth & Wellbeing: Access locally tailored healthcare, Modern Health for global mental wellbeing, and an annual fitness reimbursement.\n\nFinancial Security: Retirement and pension plans (often with company contributions), plus life and disability insurance where relevant.\n\nProfessional Growth: Up to $/€/£1,000 per year for self-driven learning: courses, certifications, books, you decide!\n\n”Everyone is welcome at Camunda” — it’s a celebrated component of our culture. We strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our people. At Camunda, we honour diverse cultures and backgrounds and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to gender, race, ethnicity, religion, belief, sexual orientation, age, disability or any other protected characteristics under applicable law. We are looking forward to your application!\n\nCome join us and be part of Camunda’s incredible journey: Make an impact at a pivotal moment in our story!"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=70af942fa2cdefba","title":"Binance Accelerator Program - Web3 Operations (for current university students)","company":"Binance","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=70af942fa2cdefba","description":"Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by over 280 million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.\n\nAbout the program\nBinance Accelerator Program is a concise fixed-term program designed for Early Career Talent to have an immersive experience in the rapidly expanding Web3 space. You will be given the opportunity to experience life at Binance and understand what goes on behind the scenes of the worlds’ leading blockchain ecosystem. Alongside your job, there will also be a focus on networking and development, which will expand your professional network and build transferable skills to propel you forward in your career. Learn about BAP Program HERE\n\nWho may apply\nCurrent university students and recent graduates\n\nAbout the team\nThe Binance Wallet team is building a decentralized version of Binance, featuring on-chain infrastructure, self-custody wallets, a DEX, decentralized Earn, and more. We empower users with full control over their assets for seamless token trading across any blockchain. This Web3 initiative expands our strategic landscape and complements our CEX business, offering significant growth potential. Join us and be part of this exciting journey.\nResponsibilities\nCollect and analyze community feedback to provide actionable insights to internal teams to help formulate product development and marketing strategies\nAssist the team lead to implement structured workflow, guidelines and improve team efficiency\nMonitor and control all stages of the project life cycle and ensure that team’s project targets are met within the project timeline\nInvestigate business demands and provide overall solutions and implementation\nRequirements\nUnderstand cryptocurrency related terminology and trends, and have a keen interest in cryptocurrency culture\nGood understanding of financial and blockchain trading platform, especially in on-chain trading platform of Web3 wallet\nAdapt to flexible and extended working hours to engage with KOLs and communities\nExcellent organizational and time management skills and ability to multitask\nMature business experience, strong sense of ownership\nStrong passion for working in an entrepreneurial environment\nAbility to manage multiple projects and meet tight deadlines\nProficiency in using analytics and reporting tools\nWhy Binance\n• Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem\n• Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure\n• Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment\n• Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning\n• Competitive salary and company benefits\n• Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)\n\nBinance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.\nBy submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Candidate Privacy Notice.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=729ae697ad91ca76","title":"Implementation Partner, In-Store","company":"","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=729ae697ad91ca76","description":"About the Team\n\nThe Customer Success team at SevenRooms is the heartbeat of our customers. We're a global, collaborative group of relationship builders, problem solvers, and product experts who help hospitality operators achieve their goals. With empathy and a customer-first mindset, we guide clients through every stage of their journey and ensure they get lasting value from the SevenRooms platform.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nAs an Implementation Partner, you'll work directly with new clients to configure and launch their SevenRooms platform. You'll understand their current challenges, develop onboarding strategies, and guide them through adoption to set them up for long-term success. This role plays a key part in helping our clients get started quickly and effectively, and reports directly to the Regional Lead.\n\nYou're excited about this opportunity because you will…\nLead Client Onboarding. Manage all onboarding activities including project kick-off, training, configuration, data migration, and launch to help clients reach value quickly.\nManage Multiple Projects. Oversee several implementation projects at once, keeping them on schedule and aligned with customer goals and satisfaction.\nTailor Solutions to Clients. Work closely with venue stakeholders to understand their goals and customize the SevenRooms platform to meet their needs.\nBe a Product Expert. Guide clients through the platform, helping them learn and apply tools based on their unique business objectives.\nCollaborate Across Teams. Partner with Sales and Customer Success to support a smooth handoff and drive product adoption.\nWe're excited about you because…\nYou have 2+ years of experience in customer-facing roles, ideally in SaaS or hospitality technology\nYou're a clear and confident communicator, both in writing and in person\nYou're detail-oriented and bring strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills to your work\nYou're experienced in managing projects and keeping things on track\nYou thrive in fast-paced, startup environments and love working collaboratively with others\n\nNotice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only\n\nWe use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using Covey Scout for Inbound again on June 29, 2024.\n\nThe Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: Covey\n\nAbout SevenRooms\n\nIn 2011, Joel Montaniel, Allison Page, and Kinesh Patel founded SevenRooms after noticing that hospitality operators were missing a critical ingredient in the systems they were using to run their business: guest data. What began as a mission to help restaurants better understand and serve their guests evolved into a powerful platform used by merchants around the world.\n\nWith best-in-class tools for marketing, operations, and guest experience — all deeply integrated with its industry-leading CRM — SevenRooms empowers operators to drive revenue, streamline operations, and deliver experiences that keep guests coming back.\n\nIn 2025, DoorDash acquired SevenRooms to strengthen its in-store strategy and expand its merchant-first offerings. The combination brings together DoorDash's scale, reach, and digital innovation with SevenRooms' in-store capabilities to support hospitality businesses across every channel — from discovery and delivery to on-premise dining.\n\nAs DoorDash builds out its in-store capabilities, SevenRooms plays a central role in enabling merchants to grow their businesses and connect more meaningfully with guests, whether they're ordering online or dining in. This move reflects DoorDash's broader commitment to empowering local businesses, fostering stronger connections between consumers and the places they love, and building technology that meets merchants — and their customers — wherever they are."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7544d001c943ddde","title":"Chief Financial Officer / Chief Operations Officer","company":"Decentralized Masters","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"19 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7544d001c943ddde","description":"Who Are We?\n\nDecentralized Masters is at the forefront of DeFi education globally. In just two years, we have grown from a pioneering pair of co-founders to over 120 dedicated professionals. Today, we are recognized as one of the fastest-growing enterprises in the sector, with industry insiders predicting our evolution into a unicorn company by 2030. Operating on a bootstrapped model, we are on track to achieve an impressive $50 million in revenue this year alone.\n\nOur Impact\n\nWhile our growth has been remarkable, we take even greater pride in the success of our clients. To date, we have empowered over 3500 investors to break into the DeFi world. At Decentralized Masters, we don’t just offer education; we cultivate a powerhouse of knowledge combined with an engaging community, innovative technology, and a team of leading DeFi and blockchain experts. Our commitment is to deliver unparalleled resources designed for long-term success in the world of DeFi and Web3, ensuring our members not only safeguard but also enhance their financial future.\n\nOur Vision\n\nOur goal is to create the largest and most influential DeFi ecosystem the world has ever seen, starting with becoming the gold standard in DeFi education. This vision is ambitious, transformative, and poised to change the landscape of digital finance.\n\nAre You Ready?\n\nThis is more than just a job; it’s an opportunity to shape the future of Web3 technology and education. Are you ready to be part of our vision to redefine what’s possible in DeFi and beyond? Apply below, and let’s explore this journey together.\n\nCheck us out here: Decentralized Masters\n\nWhat will you be doing?\n\nAs Chief Operating & Financial Officer (COO & CFO) at Decentralized Masters, you will be instrumental in driving both our financial strategy and operational excellence as we scale globally. This hybrid leadership role requires a dynamic, strategic thinker who can balance high-level financial stewardship with the day-to-day operational execution needed to run a high-growth, remote-first company.\n\nYou’ll partner closely with the Co-founders and leadership team to refine our business model, optimize performance across departments, expand internationally, and prepare the company for future funding rounds, acquisitions, and unicorn-level growth.\n\nMUST RESIDE IN DUBAI\n\nKey Responsibilities\nStrategic Leadership\nDrive the company’s financial and operational strategy in alignment with our ambitious growth objectives.\nAct as a key advisor to the CEO and leadership team, ensuring long-term scalability and profitability.\nOversee the design and implementation of business systems, SOPs, and KPIs across departments.\n\nFinancial Management & Compliance\nDirect financial planning, reporting, and forecasting across multiple entities.\nEnsure compliance with financial regulations and tax practices in the US, UAE, MENA, and other jurisdictions.\nLead fundraising efforts and manage investor relations, including private equity and venture capital engagements.\nManage cash flow, budgets, and treasury functions to ensure sustainable growth.\n\nMergers & Acquisitions\nLead M&A activities, from identifying targets to integration.\nConduct due diligence, deal structuring, and post-acquisition operational alignment.\n\nOperational Excellence\nOversee daily business operations to ensure efficiency, alignment, and performance across all functions.\nBuild and optimize processes in sales, marketing, customer success, and product to drive efficiency and quality.\nEstablish KPIs, monitor business performance, and implement improvements.\nDevelop and enforce policies that promote company culture, vision, and operational scalability.\n\nPeople & Vendor Management\nLead and mentor cross-functional teams globally, fostering accountability and performance.\nCollaborate with department heads to align financial and operational goals.\nManage vendor and partner relationships, ensuring efficiency and cost-effectiveness.\n\nRequirements\n\nWhat You Will Bring\n\nExperience:\n\nMinimum 7–10 years in senior financial and/or operational management roles.\nProven track record as a CFO, COO, or hybrid role within high-growth startups or scale-ups.\nDemonstrated success with fundraising, private equity, and international expansion.\nExperience in education, SaaS, fintech, or Web3 industries is highly advantageous.\n\nQualifications:\n\nBSc/BA in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, or related field (MBA preferred).\nStrong expertise in financial forecasting, treasury, and risk management.\nKnowledge of international corporate structures, compliance, and tax practices.\n\nSkills:\n\nExceptional analytical, strategic, and problem-solving abilities.\nStrong operational acumen with proven process-building experience.\nExcellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills.\nAbility to thrive in a remote-first, global organization.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhat we offer\nCompetitive salary package\nFlexible 40-hour workweek\nUnlimited PTO and flexible work schedules\nTeam off-sites and events\nFully remote work setup — join our global team from anywhere!\n\nAre You Ready?\n\nThis is more than a job; it's an opportunity to shape the future of Web3 education and finance. If you’re a visionary leader ready to drive our mission and help us achieve unicorn status, we want to hear from you!\n\nApply now to join us in redefining what’s possible in DeFi and beyond."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=756d2adb8a68d5ea","title":"Business Development Manager","company":"BPEC","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":\"Abu Dhabi Bus Station Overpass\",\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=756d2adb8a68d5ea","description":"The Business Development Manager is responsible for driving growth and expanding the reach of the training institute. This role involves developing and implementing strategies to attract new clients, build partnerships, and enhance the institute's market presence. The position requires a strategic thinker with strong networking skills and a deep understanding of the training and education sector.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\nMarket Analysis and Strategy:\nConduct market research to identify opportunities for growth and assess industry trends.\nDevelop and implement business development strategies to increase enrollment and revenue.\nPartnerships and Networking:\nBuild and maintain relationships with schools, corporate clients, and industry partners.\nDevelop strategic partnerships to expand the institute’s network and client base.\nSales and Client Acquisition:\nCreate and execute sales plans to attract new clients and retain existing ones.\nOversee the sales process, including lead generation, proposal development, and contract negotiations.\nProgram Development:\nCollaborate with instructional staff to develop and enhance training programs that meet market needs.\nEnsure programs align with industry standards and client requirements.\nMarketing and Outreach:\nDevelop and execute marketing campaigns to promote the institute’s programs and services.\nRepresent the institute at industry events, conferences, and networking functions.\nClient Relationship Management:\nManage key client relationships, addressing concerns and ensuring high levels of satisfaction.\nGather feedback from clients to drive continuous improvement in services.\nFinancial Oversight:\nDevelop and manage budgets for marketing, outreach, and development activities.\nMonitor financial performance and ensure alignment with organizational goals.\nReporting and Analysis:\nTrack and analyze business development metrics and report on progress toward goals.\nProvide regular updates to senior management on business development activities and results.\n\nQualifications:\nBachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Education, or a related field; MBA or relevant advanced degree preferred.\nProven experience in business development, sales, or marketing within the education or training sector.\nStrong understanding of market trends and client needs in the training industry.\nExcellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.\nAbility to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment.\nProficiency in CRM software and Microsoft Office Suite.\n\nWork Environment:\nFull-time position with occasional travel required for client meetings and events.\nOffice-based with flexibility for remote work as needed.\n\nApplication Instructions:\nInterested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter outlining their qualifications and experience."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7724672ad4c14c11","title":"Solution Advisor Associate - SAP Academy for Customer Success - UAE National Opportunity (Hybrid)","company":"SAP","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7724672ad4c14c11","description":"We help the world run better\nAt SAP, we keep it simple: you bring your best to us, and we'll bring out the best in you. We're builders touching over 20 industries and 80% of global commerce, and we need your unique talents to help shape what's next. The work is challenging – but it matters. You'll find a place where you can be yourself, prioritize your wellbeing, and truly belong. What's in it for you? Constant learning, skill growth, great benefits, and a team that wants you to grow and succeed.\n\nWhat we offer\n\nWe help the world run better.\n\nOur company culture is focused on helping our employees enable innovation by building breakthroughs together. How? We focus every day on building the foundation for tomorrow and creating a workplace that embraces differences, values flexibility, and is aligned to our purpose-driven and future-focused work. We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from. Apply Now!\n\nThe SAP Academy for Customer Success is a global development program designed for talent who are early in their career.\n\nWho You’ll become\n\nA Solution Advisor works closely with our customers and prospects to identify and solve business challenges and meet their strategic objectives using SAP solutions. As a part of the sales team, a Solution Advisor is the “subject matter expert” responsible for the functional and technical knowledge within the sales cycle. A Solution Advisor provides deal support by participating in discovery sessions, executive meetings and presentations and delivers software demonstrations that help the customer understand SAP’s unique value proposition. In addition to deal support, the Solution Advisor participates in marketing events to generate demand, leads Design Thinking sessions, and collaborates with the broader sales team to identify whitespace opportunities at existing accounts.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nAs a Solution Advisor within the SAP Academy for Customer Success, you will be responsible to:\n\nSuccessfully complete a 10-month program that strengthens a foundation for a successful customer-facing career at SAP.\nParticipate in experiential learning opportunities with colleagues from all over the world and acquire a wide variety of business, industry and SAP solution skills while working with emerging and cutting-edge technologies.\nReceive on-the-job training under the mentorship of a senior Solution Advisor colleague while working with our customers to gain real world experience and acquire the skills necessary to help guide our customers through their Digital Transformation journey.\n\nThe program will enrich your knowledge of SAP and give you the professional experience to serve our customers. We offer full-time employment from day one with practical learning applications for your role. After successful completion of the program, you are expected to lead customer discovery sessions and survey activities to uncover business challenges and opportunities for innovation. You will create and deliver high impact and engaging software demonstrations that compel the customers to select SAP over other competitive offerings. You will also provide demand generation support through marketing events and deal execution support by responding to request for proposals.\n\nSolution areas focus:\n\nWhat You Bring\n\n2-3 years of professional experience with a strong foundation in technical and business processes, exposure to relevant technologies/ solutions, and customer-facing skills.\nTechnical and business process knowledge, combined with strong complex problem-solving skills, to support solution delivery and operational efficiency through hands-on experience with relevant technologies and industry-standard tools.\nA cooperative and productive approach to working relationships, internally and externally.\nA strong ability to quickly learn new concepts, adapt to changing environments, and apply knowledge to deliver results.\nAn understanding of AI fundamentals, uses, and ethics, to identify business problems solvable with AI.\nA resilient mindset, embracing challenges with optimism and consistently striving for growth and success.\nStrong Business Acumen, including demonstrated knowledge of business processes and/or industries.\nProficiency in English to engage with our global network.\n\nAbout SAP Academy for Customer Success\n\nThe SAP Academy for Customer Success offers a three-year journey that drives accountability and enhances productivity. It enables graduates to make a quick impact in customer-facing roles while fostering career longevity and leadership potential.\n\nJoin us for a unique opportunity to build a global network, collaborate with customers to solve real business challenges, and gain hands-on experience with world-class cloud solutions — all while learning in a dynamic environment and earning competitive pay and benefits.\n\n#SAPAcademyforCustomerSuccess\n\n#SAPCSCareers\n\nSAP’s employees across different regions are enabled to do their best job with the right mix of office and remote work according to country-specific guidelines and regulations. In general, our hybrid work setup consists of three days a week in the office or on-site with customers or partners\n\nWe are planning a practical and immersive portion of our program, which will likely involve participants spending four (4) weeks, spread across two trips, in San Ramon, California. This experience is designed to provide unparalleled hands-on learning and networking opportunities. *Please note the in-person component is still in the planning phase, and the final decision will be confirmed by the first quarter of 2026. We will ensure that this information is communicated promptly, and that sufficient time is provided for necessary preparations.\n\nDuring intensive phases of the program, it is critical that all participants are fully engaged and present to ensure maximum learning and success. As such, vacation will not be approved during some critical times of the program\n\nWe are SAP\n\nSAP innovations help more than 400,000 customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, we build breakthroughs together.\n\n Our inclusion promise\n\nSAP’s culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone—regardless of background—feels included and can perform at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company. We invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better and more equitable world.\n\nSAP is proud to be an equal-opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provide accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team: Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com.\n\nEOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:\n\nQualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability.\n\nSuccessful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.\n\nBring out your best\nSAP innovations help more than four hundred thousand customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with two hundred million users and more than one hundred thousand employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, you can bring out your best.\n\nWe win with inclusion\nSAP’s culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better world.\n\nSAP is committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provides accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team: Careers@sap.com.\n\nFor SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.\n\nQualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability, in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local legal requirements.\n\nSuccessful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.\n\nAI Usage in the Recruitment Process\n\nFor information on the responsible use of AI in our recruitment process, please refer to our Guidelines for Ethical Usage of AI in the Recruiting Process.\n\nPlease note that any violation of these guidelines may result in disqualification from the hiring process.\n\nRequisition ID: 435227 | Work Area: Presales | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | Additional Locations: #LI-Hybrid"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=772cd3a1a8c1a77d","title":"Business Development Representative","company":"AEserver","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 years ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=772cd3a1a8c1a77d","description":"Business Development Representative\nDubai\nWork Type: Full Time\nJob Title: Business Development Representative\n\nJob role:\n\nWe are looking for a Business Development Representative to work closely with our core teams. Your role will be to seek new business opportunities by contacting and developing relationships with potential (and existing) customers via various channels - website, chat, phone, meetings, trade shows, virtual trade shows, online forums, social media, etc.\n\nIt is an added advantage if you have experience in developing leads independently & meeting sales quotas. You will be responsible for the entire sales cycle from establishing a customer contact till signing a deal. You will also ensure proper after-sales service.\n\nResponsibilities:\n\nQualify leads from various campaigns as sales opportunities\nContact potential clients via phone and emails & other channels\nIdentify client needs and suggest appropriate products/services\nCustomize product solutions to increase customer satisfaction\nBuild long-term trusting relationships with clients\nProactively seek new business opportunities in the market\nSet up meetings or calls between (prospective) clients and Account Executives\nBuild reports to present to the manager.\nStay up-to-date with new products/services and new pricing/payment plans\nBuild & use well-written proposals & sales documents to pitch to potential clients\n\nRequirements:\n\nProven work experience as a Business Development Representative, Sales Account Executive or similar role in the digital, IT, Cloud, Web Hosting related industry.\nHands-on experience with multiple sales techniques (eg: inbound, outbound, field sales)\nTrack record of achieving sales quotas\nExperience with CRM systems.\nFluency in English + a bonus with other languages\nUnderstanding of sales performance metrics\nExcellent communication and negotiation skills\nAbility to deliver engaging presentations\n\nAEserver is seeking bright, open-minded & proactive team members and offers comprehensive, competitive packages along with a hassle-free working environment that is made of a hybrid system, i.e a mix of office, work from home & even remote working."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=77658e013e537eb3","title":"AI Workflow Builder & Solution Engineer - French fluent","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=77658e013e537eb3","description":"Wait a minute.\n\nWait a minute.\n\nAre you inspired in being a key player in building a massive EdTech company that will empower millions of people?\n\nAre you that rare breed of builder who sees a manual task and immediately thinks, “That should’ve been automated yesterday”?\n\nDo you love the thrill of unlocking 10x leverage with a single elegant workflow?\n\nAre APIs, automations, and GPT-powered assistants your happy place?\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom: feeling free to work remotely or hybrid and being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition: growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create an iconic brand like Nike\n\nImpact: contributing to transform people lives at scale and feel your own impact in the company\n\nAnd you deserve it because, you are:\n\nOut of the box thinker\n\nObsessed Problem Solver\n\nDetail Oriented and impressively fast\n\nAutomation Addict\n\nThen you might be the magician we’ve been looking for.\n\nAt Paradox, we’re building a company that runs on systems, not superheroes. And we’re looking for someone exceptional to design and scale those systems.\n\nThis is not just about automation. It’s about building a scale machine—and watching your teammates light up in awe when you eliminate that one painful task they thought they’d be stuck with forever.\n\nThis is a full-time position, carried out from our beautiful offices in Dubai, Lisbon or full-remote from anywhere in the world. French and English fluency is required.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n-\n\nYour main goal will be to turn complex business needs into robust, scalable, and automated systems. You’re the architect who connects, simplifies, and scales operations with precision, making the invisible infrastructure of a company run like magic.\n\nOur sources of inspiration are Apple, Nike, Spotify, Disney for their obsession of excelling, having a worldwide impact and not just selling products but crafting experiences. You will be playing a pivotal role in making Paradox play at that level and becoming an iconic brand.\n\nFor us, being Iconic is to innovate at the intersection of Psychology x Creativity x Technology.\n\nWHAT YOU’LL ACHIEVE\n\n-\n\nAutomate mission-critical workflows across the company\n\nScale systems to support our next phase of international growth\n\nFree up time and unlock leverage for every team\n\nImplement smart AI agents to handle repetitive ops\n\nArchitect processes so clean, they feel invisible\n\nDo do so, here are your 6 responsibilities :\n\nI . Design and Build Scalable Automations\n\nCreate powerful, scalable workflows using n8n, Make.com, Zapier, or custom scripts\n\nHandle multi-step logic, error handling, conditions & retries like a pro\n\nOwn the entire lifecycle: identify, build, deploy, maintain\n\nII . API Integration & Custom App Hosting\n\nIntegrate systems via REST, Webhooks, GraphQL, OAuth\n\nSelf-host tools when needed (e.g. internal dashboards, chat tools)\n\nBuild microservices to bridge gaps between no-code & custom dev\n\nIII .Data Architecture & Ops Systems\n\nDesign robust data structures in Airtable, Notion, or relational DBs\n\nImplement access, permission, and governance systems\n\nStructure workflows that grow with the team\n\nIV . Workflow Optimization & Reliability\n\nDebug, refactor, and optimize existing automations\n\nBuild in fail-safes, alerts, and monitoring\n\nContinuously evolve workflows to meet changing needs\n\nV. AI + Chat System Implementation\n\nDeploy GPT-powered internal bots and assistants\n\nConnect chat interfaces to internal APIs and tools\n\nSupport teams in building task-specific AI agents\n\nVI . Documentation & Team Enablement\n\nDocument everything like your future self depends on it\n\nTrain and support internal users\n\nAnticipate edge cases, prevent misuse, and design with UX in mind\n\nTOOLKIT & STACK\n-\n\nAutomation / Ops: n8n (self-hosted), Make.com, Zapier, Python or JS scripts\n\nData & Workflow: Airtable, Notion, Google Sheets, Supabase, PostgreSQL\n\nCommunication: Webhooks, REST APIs, GraphQL, OAuth, JSON, Regex\n\nInfra / Hosting: Docker, Cloud Run, Firebase, Railway, Vercel, Render\n\nAI & Assistants: OpenAI, LangChain, vector DBs (e.g. Pinecone, Weaviate)\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF?\n-\n\nMust Have\n\nYou’ve shipped production-grade automation systems across teams\n\nYou’re fluent with APIs, HTTP requests, and authentication methods\n\nYou’re comfortable self-hosting tools, deploying them, and maintaining them\n\nYou’ve implemented chatbot systems or assistants connected to internal tools\n\nYou love simplifying complex systems for others and scaling your own work\n\nYou’re a rigorous builder who thinks about edge cases, uptime, and error logs\n\nYou enjoy working cross-functionally with non-technical teams and bringing clarity through documentation\n\nYou thrive on autonomy, problem-solving, and always push to make things cleaner, faster, smarter\n\nPersonality\n\nA Relentless Problem-Solver – you don’t stop until it’s done\n\nDetail-Obsessed & Fast – you notice what others don’t, and move quickly\n\nLow Ego, High Growth – feedback fuels you, not fights you\n\nTeam-First – you win together, and fail forward as one\n\nDriven by Wow – you want people to be amazed by your work\n\nLanguage\n\nFrench & English fluency\n\nCurrently, 20% of the team is International, from the cherry blossoms of Japan, the Canadian lakes and to the forest of Madagascar.\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n-\n\nLet’s be clear, we are looking for someone who is not just Great, and for whom Paradox ambition isn’t just another cool project; but a true mission.\n\nSo if those personal interests : personal development / coaching / professional growth / education / edtech / teaching / edutainment are not things you REALLY love, and want to solve for other, let’s forget it\n\nLet’s forget about it also if,\n\nYou don’t like to be challenged and grow in your job\n\nYou don't like receiving or giving tough feedbacks\n\nYou don’t question the status quo: the process are there for a reason, we have always done it this way\n\nYou like to have very specific & fixed tasks assigned to you. Be told what to do and how to do it.\n\nYour only driver is joining a full-remote company: yes, our company culture is cool, but we want people to care about our mission, products, and their job!\n\nJOIN US IF YOU CRAVE\n-\n\nGrowth & Ambition\n\nWe hire only the best, it’s exhilarating to be surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood. You'll be working with some of the best minds. We understand that \"A\" people attract \"A\" people.\n\nNo more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your professional development.\n\n️ Being part of an ambitious company with a lot of growth opportunities\n\nImpact & Meaning\n\nPlaying a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\nWaking up in the morning knowing you are making a difference: we receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a milestone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that’s not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\nFreedom & Well Being*\n\nA company culture based on autonomy & accountability\nFlexible working hours\nA remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\nMagnificent offices in Dubai and Lisbon: you’re at home worldwide\nStanding desks paid by the company, if you live far from our offices\nMacbook: to be the most efficient in your work\n350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself (for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n150€ per year paid by the company to boost your knowledge (books, education): we are passionate about learning and want to support your growth)\n1:1 coachings: a Paradox coach supporting you personally or professionally to live your best life\nTeam building\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nHIRING PROCESS\n-\n\nThat job description resonated with you?\n\nHere is your tailor made hiring process\n\nA 6 to 8 minutes application survey (with a short video assignment)\n\nA 15–20 minute WhatsApp call with Chloé, our Talent Manager, to tell you more about the challenge and see if it fits your experience and expectations\n\nA video call with Chloé to deep dive into your career path and ambitions\n\nA video call with Gab, Head of Engineering, to discuss how you'd fit into Paradox’s tech team\n\nA take home Case Study\n\nA culture-fit video call with Timy, our Culture Coach, to assess alignment with our values and mindset\n\nReference check to understand how you operate across environments and help set you up for a smooth onboarding\n\nWelcome aboard!\n\nAbout our hiring process\n\nOur recruitment process is tailored to do our best to avoid that you or us realize that we’re not a perfect fit. Every step serves a purpose and will allow us to get to know you better as much as it’ll help you understand more where you’ll be stepping in.\n\nWe also want you to have time to ask all of your questions regarding the mission, the long-term vision of your team and the company, our values, with the relevant interlocutor in front of you.\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nAt Paradox, we are convinced that people do not want “just a job” anymore.\n\nWe are all craving to have an impact through our professional journey. Some want to start their own venture, some want to become an intrapreneur in their current organization, some others just want their day-to-day tasks to have more meaning.\n\nPARADOX HAS ONE GOAL: TO EMPOWER PEOPLE AND ORGANIZATIONS TO LIVE THEIR TRUE AMBITIONS.\n\nBut where do we start?\n\nIf you have an interest in personal development, you probably already know that:\n\nMaking things happen is a real struggle when you don’t know what truly inspires you and how to get there ;\n\nAvailable resources are either boring or full of crazy unsubstantiated theories .\n\nIt needs to change, and we’re here to make it happen!\n\n️ OUR AMBITION IS TO MAKE SUCCESS THE ONLY POSSIBLE OUTCOME FOR OUR CLIENTS (WHATEVER SUCCESS MEANS FOR THEM), BY CRAFTING INNOVATIVE & CAPTIVATING BREAKTHROUGH EXPERIENCES.\n\nIn other words, we want to make personal growth as entertaining as watching Netflix.\n\nHow, you might be wondering?\n\nWe travel the world and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs (Richard Branson - Founder of Virgin, Marc Simoncini - Founder of Meeting, Fred Mazzella - Founder of BlablaCar), world athletes (Tony Parker - Hall of fame NBA Player, Frederick Bousquet - World record in 50m free swimming, Frank Leboeuf - WorldCup Footballer), and artists (Gad Elmaleh - Comedian, Franck Dubosc, Barry Osborne - Producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix) ;\n\nWe reverse engineer their strategies for achieving success and fulfillment and lean on the latest researches about neurosciences ;\n\nWe deliver trainings & educational contents around Power Skills (critical thinking, productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management, etc.), self-growth and performance, through a balanced set of e-learning programs, events and edutainment videos .\n\nFrom one well-known Founder to a team of +40 people today (and counting!), this approach has paid off and enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to have thousands of people attending our online events and training courses.\n\nTOGETHER, WE ARE DRIVEN BY ONE DREAM:\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve their dream and display their pictures on what we call the “100 000 dreams wall” ;\n\nGiving our clients access to constant personal growth by reinventing their learning experience ;\n\nLeverage AI and other technology to provide an outstanding customized experience to millions of people for them to transform their lives.\n\nAnd that’s where you come in. Join the Paradox Revolution !"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a10828b251f2613","title":"Sales Manager (Dubai)","company":"Armstrong Fluid Technology","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"7 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a10828b251f2613","description":"Title: Sales Manager\n\nReports to: Sales Leader: MEA\n\nPosition: Permanent, Remote with travel requirements\n\nImagine working at the forefront of innovation in fluid-flow technology, with over 1,400 colleagues across the globe, and contributing to a legacy of excellence that spans eight manufacturing facilities on four continents. Armstrong Fluid Technology is more than just a leader in our industry; we are a community of the brightest and most creative minds, driven by a shared mission to engineer the future and safeguard our planet.\n\nAs part of our team, you'll be immersed in an environment that fosters growth, creativity, and collaboration. Here, you'll have the opportunity to push boundaries, tackle exciting challenges, and develop cutting-edge solutions that promote energy efficiency and reduce environmental impact. Every day offers the chance to make a meaningful contribution to a more sustainable future, driving innovations that help lower global carbon footprints. Together, we’re creating a legacy that goes beyond business—one that’s changing the world for the better.\n\nThe Sales Manager will be responsible for leading the sales strategy, driving business growth, and managing a sales team within the assigned region in Dubai. The role demands a deep understanding of the market, strategic planning and strong leadership skills to achieve revenue targets and enhance customer satisfaction.\n\nSales Strategy Development:\nDevelop and implement effective sales strategies to drive market penetration and achieve revenue goals.\nAnalyse market trends, competitor activities, and customer needs to identify new business opportunities.\nPrepare quotations and proposal by the exclusive use of the Armstrong Bid Tools ADEPT sales portal, CRM, etc.\nCustomer Relationship Management:\nBuild and maintain strong relationships with key customers, partners, and stakeholders.\nAddress customer concerns and ensure high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty.\nAttend sales meeting, conferences, etc as directed by the Sales Director\nMarket Analysis and CRM Reporting:\nConduct regular market research to stay informed about market conditions, customer preferences, and competitor actions.\nPrepare and present detailed sales reports, forecasts, gap analysis, competitor analysis, sales pipeline and performance analysis to senior management.\nUse CRM tool to track opportunities, build winning strategies for all contacts within every account and achieve order input targets inline with budgeted requirements.\nSales Operations:\nOversee the sales process, from lead generation to closing deals, ensuring efficiency and effectiveness.\nEnsure compliance with company policies, industry regulations, and ethical standards.\nManage sales budgets, expenses, and resource allocation.\nCollaboration and Communication:\nCollaborate with other departments (e.g., marketing, product development, customer service) to align strategies and optimize results.\nCommunicate regularly with senior management to provide updates on sales performance, challenges, and opportunities.\n\nWhat We’re Looking For\n\nTo thrive in this role, you should bring:\n\nEducation:\nBachelor's degree in Engineering,/Mechanical/Automation Engineering with sales, Marketing, or a related field. A Master's degree is a plus.\nExperience:\nSubstantial experience in sales management, preferably in the HVAC industry\nProven track record of achieving and exceeding sales targets.\nExperience in Pump, Pressurisation Units and Booser Direct Sales to Consulting Engineers and M&E contractors is an advantage.\nExperience of Sales Network of Consulting Engineers and M&E Contractors in HVAC field\nSkills:\nExcellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.\nStrategic thinking and problem-solving abilities.\nProficiency in CRM software and MS Office Suite.\nValue and solution selling skills - mandatory\nFluency in English and Arabic is preferred.\nKnowledge:\nDeep understanding of the Saudi Arabian market and business landscape.\nKnowledge of HVAC industry is highly desirable.\n\nPersonal Attributes:\n\nSelf-motivated, results-oriented, and capable of working independently.\nAbility to travel within the region as required.\nDesire to develop and improve processes\n\nWhy Armstrong Fluid Technology?\n\nBy joining us, you’ll become part of a global community dedicated to pushing the boundaries of fluid-flow technology. You’ll have endless opportunities to learn, grow, and make a significant impact on the world. Together, we'll build tomorrow’s solutions today."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a61a3fbb1dcd977","title":": Business Developer - FlexTeam Pods (Salesforce & CRM Services)","company":"MaxAccelerate","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a61a3fbb1dcd977","description":"About Kompetenza - Sponsorship Available - Option to move to move to Dubai if outside of UAE\n\nKompetenza part of the MaxAccelerate Technology Group is a Salesforce partner specializing in CRM solutions, FlexTeam Pods, and digital transformation services. Our FlexTeam Pods service helps clients scale their Salesforce and CRM teams efficiently, reducing hiring costs while maintaining high-quality delivery. We work with businesses globally to provide on-demand, expert Salesforce and CRM consultants tailored to their project needs.\n\nRole Overview\n\nWe are looking for a Business Developer with a background in I.T. technical sales or recruitment, particularly within the Salesforce or CRM ecosystem. This role is ideal for someone who has built a recruitment desk from scratch and now wants to transition into a business development role in IT services.\n\nThe ideal candidate will have an existing network of customers in Salesforce or other CRM platforms, coupled with experience in contract or technical recruitment. They will be responsible for generating leads, building relationships, and selling Kompetenza’s FlexTeam Pods service to clients who need expert Salesforce and CRM consultants.\n\nRequirements\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\n1. Business Development & Sales Strategy\n\nBuild and develop a pipeline of new business opportunities within the Salesforce and CRM ecosystem.\nIdentify and target enterprise clients, consulting firms, and system integrators that require Salesforce/CRM consultants.\nDrive end-to-end sales processes, from lead generation and qualification to contract negotiation and closure.\nDevelop and execute sales strategies to expand Kompetenza’s FlexTeam Pods service offering.\nservice offering.\n2. Client & Network Engagement\nLeverage existing customer relationships within Salesforce, CRM, and IT services to generate business opportunities.\nDevelop relationships with CTOs, CIOs, Heads of CRM, and Talent Acquisition teams at target companies.\nAttend Salesforce and CRM-related industry events, networking groups, and meetups to expand market presence.\nBuild long-term strategic partnerships with key clients and industry influencers.\n3. Transitioning from Recruitment to Tech Sales\nUse experience in contract/technical recruitment to sell IT consulting and staffing solutions.\nApply knowledge of talent acquisition, staffing models, and recruitment sales cycles to generate revenue.\nEducate clients on the benefits of FlexTeam Pods, helping them scale their Salesforce and CRM projects without the complexity of traditional hiring.\n4. Sales & Account Management\nWork closely with the delivery and recruitment teams to ensure successful project staffing and client satisfaction.\nManage existing accounts and look for opportunities to expand revenue through additional FlexTeam Pods placements.\nProvide ongoing support to clients, ensuring long-term partnerships and continued business growth.\n5. Market Intelligence & Strategic Input\nStay updated on Salesforce, CRM, and IT services market trends.\nGather insights from the market to improve sales strategies and service offerings.\nContribute to the evolution of Kompetenza’s business development strategy based on client feedback and industry shifts.\nKey Requirements\nMust-Have Skills & Experience\n✔ 3+ years of experience in I.T. technical sales or recruitment (preferably within Salesforce or CRM consulting).\n✔ Proven ability to build a recruitment desk or sales pipeline from scratch.\n✔ Experience in contract or technical recruitment within CRM, ERP, or IT services.\n✔ Existing network of Salesforce or CRM customers is a significant advantage.\n✔ Ability to transition from recruitment to business development in IT services.\n✔ Strong understanding of Salesforce, CRM platforms, or enterprise SaaS solutions.\n✔ Experience with B2B sales, solution selling, and IT consulting services.\nSoft Skills & Personality Traits\n✔ Hunter mentality – self-starter who can drive sales independently.\n✔ Relationship builder – strong ability to network and create long-term client relationships.\n✔ Strategic thinker – ability to position Kompetenza’s FlexTeam Pods as a cost-saving and efficient alternative to traditional hiring.\n✔ Excellent communication & negotiation skills – confident in speaking with C-level executives and decision-makers.\n✔ Ambitious and growth-focused – looking to transition from recruitment to a high-value IT business development role.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Kompetenza?\n✅ Transition from recruitment to IT business development – grow your career in high-value IT sales.\n✅ Join a leading Salesforce partner with a unique FlexTeam Pods solution that’s in high demand.\n✅ High earning potential – competitive salary with commission-based incentives.\n✅ Global exposure – work with enterprise clients across the UAE, UK, EU, and the US.\n✅ Remote-friendly work environment – flexible working location and schedule."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7da226bf173f813f","title":"Senior Customer Solutions Architect","company":"Sysdig","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"16 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7da226bf173f813f","description":"At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.\n\nWe created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.\n\nCulture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.\n\nIf you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.\nWhat you will do\nReporting to the Sr. Director Customer Success you will be the technical authority on the Sysdig Platform and become the customer's go-to advisor.\nYou will drive adoption and expansion within these customers from a technical angle: from onboarding, to implementation and technical enablement . Typically their large enterprise environments where scale, performance, and ad-hoc solutions are complex, require expert support.\nYou will understand the customer's requirements, challenges, and what business outcomes and value they are expecting in their Sysdig journey. You will work very closely with our Product Managers, heavily influencing the product roadmap.\nYou are willing to visit customers in UAE every 4 - 8 weeks.\nWhat you will bring with you\nNative or excellent Arabic and English language and ability to work in remote and international teams.\nTrack record of owning customer relationships, including implementation and identification of expansion opportunities.\nWhat we look for\n5 to 10 years experience as solutions architect, field engineering or similar customer-facing roles such as sales engineering, customer success engineering or DevOps consultant, having worked with SaaS companies.\nDomain knowledge in Cloud Native technologies: Container, Kubernetes and Cloud. Experience with DevOps tools such as Terraform, Helm and API scripting. Being familiar with security and monitoring such as Prometheus or Falco is a plus.\nWhen you join Sysdig, you can expect:\nExtra days off to prioritize your well-being\nMental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app\nGreat compensation package\nWe would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.\n\nSome of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.\n\nSysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.\n\n#LI-MC1\n#LI-Remote\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a559ba818002a0a","title":"Recruiter (IBM Maximo Specialization) Part -Time","company":"MaxAccelerate","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8a559ba818002a0a","description":"About Max Accelerate\n\nAt Max Accelerate, we are redefining how the world’s most complex Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) projects get staffed and delivered.\n\nFor IBM Business Partners and Maximo Clients who struggle to find rare, specialized Maximo talent, Max Accelerate provides an AI-powered, platform-based solution that matches projects with hand-selected, certified Maximo experts on demand.\n\nWe enable organizations to deploy world-class project teams in under 48 hours.\nOur clients save up to 60% compared to traditional local hiring.\nWe provide access to elite Maximo talent in 150+ countries, handling all legal, tax, and compliance requirements.\n\nUnlike generalist recruiters, we specialize only in IBM Maximo. Our mission is simple: connect the world’s best Maximo experts with the companies who need them - faster, smarter, and more cost-effectively than anyone else.\n\nRole Purpose\n\nWe are seeking a Talent Sourcer / Recruiter (IBM Maximo specialization) to help us grow and maintain the world’s most comprehensive database of Maximo professionals. With 4,000 - 5,000 CVs already available, this role will be key in building structured insights into our talent pool and connecting with professionals who will power our clients’ most mission-critical projects.\n\nThis position blends traditional recruiting, technical talent sourcing, and lead research - you will not only find and vet Maximo talent but also capture client decision-maker details from their project history, creating invaluable sales leads for our business.\n\nRequirements\n\nKey Responsibilities\nCandidate Engagement & Interviews\n\nConduct structured interviews with Maximo professionals (functional, technical, and industry-specific experts).\n\nAssess experience, certifications, and project delivery track record.\n\nCollect key project references, technologies used, and role responsibilities.\n\nData Capture & Profiling\n\nRecord details on candidate skills, certifications, and technical expertise (e.g., MAS 9.2, Cognos, WatsonX integrations, industry solutions).\n\nTrack availability preferences (remote, hybrid, relocation).\n\nCapture salary/rate expectations across different regions.\n\nInfo Gathering Through Research\n\nGather decision-maker information for references from candidates’ past project engagements.\n\nLog client/partner references into CRM.\n\nCRM & Talent Pool Management\n\nMaintain and update candidate records within Salesforce (or other CRM systems).\n\nEnsure all data is accurate, up-to-date, and categorized for fast project matching.\n\nMonitor and nurture relationships with high-value Maximo professionals.\n\nCapabilities & Qualifications\n\nRecruitment Experience\n\n2 - 5+ years of talent sourcing or recruiting in technical/ERP/EAM roles.\n\nPrior exposure to IBM Maximo, ERP, or enterprise software ecosystems is highly preferred.\n\nTechnical Fluency & Communication\n\nAbility to engage with candidates on technical skills (configurations, upgrades, integrations, industry modules).\n\nStrong interviewing skills to extract detailed project and client information.\n\nExcellent written and verbal communication in English (additional languages a plus).\n\nData & CRM Discipline\n\nHighly organized in capturing and structuring candidate and lead data.\n\nExperience with Salesforce, Bullhorn, or similar recruiting CRM/ATS systems.\n\nDual Mindset: Recruiter + Researcher\n\nSkilled at balancing candidate experience with business lead generation.\n\nCuriosity and persistence to uncover decision-maker details and map accounts for sales teams.\n\nOther Attributes\n\nComfortable working in a fast-paced, remote-first, global environment.\n\nSelf-driven, detail-oriented, and motivated to contribute to a high-growth AI-powered talent platform.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Max Accelerate?\nBe part of a niche-focused, high-growth company.\n\nWork with a world-class network of Maximo experts and IBM’s most strategic clients.\n\nDevelop your career at the intersection of talent sourcing, recruitment tech, and global workforce intelligence.\n\nCompetitive compensation, growth opportunities, and the chance to impact how EAM projects are staffed worldwide."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8eec7cb5f5b11adb","title":"Technical n8n Automation Engineer - Cold Email Systems & Workflows","company":"AI Acquisition","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8eec7cb5f5b11adb","description":"About AI Acquisition\n\nAn AI platform emerged as the global category leader in AI service provider enablement. Operating globally, with the US as its primary market, the unique hybrid of Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) and AI marketplace has achieved explosive growth by solving a critical pain point: connecting AI agencies with qualified enterprise opportunities at scale. AI Acquisition combines proprietary AI orchestration tools with proven enterprise SaaS infrastructure, delivers immediate value to the platform’s multiple agency customers and small and medium businesses worldwide.\n\nWe’re revolutionizing the way entrepreneurs build life-changing businesses by brokering AI tools to business owners eager to succeed. At the forefront of the $1.3 trillion AI revolution, we empower our members to earn $500+ per hour with just a few clicks. Whether through our AI Agency Incubator (Self-Guided), AI Accelerator (Done With You), or AI Agency Launchpad (Done For You), we provide the systems, training, and support to help our members achieve rapid success.\n\nHear from our leaders:\n\nJordan Lee, Co-Founder & Chairman, shares insights about the business: Watch here\nMatthew Jones, CEO, discusses his career progression and personal growth since joining The Growth Partner: Watch here\n\nWhy Join AI Acquisition?\n\nBe part of a company managing 4M+ cold emails monthly for 700+ B2B clients.\nGain hands-on experience with cutting-edge outbound systems and infrastructure.\nWork remotely in a high-growth, fast-paced environment with a global team.\nBuild valuable skills in cold outreach, campaign optimization, and deliverability.\nContribute directly to client success by reviving campaigns and improving performance.\n\nThis isn’t just a job—it’s an opportunity to create a new and better life while working with visionary leaders who are shaping the future of AI-driven business growth.\n\nThe Role\n\nWe are looking for a Technical Automation & Workflow Engineer with deep technical skills in automation and infrastructure. You’ll be responsible for building and maintaining n8n workflows, Airtable databases, API integrations, and cold email infrastructure that keep our campaigns running at peak performance.\n\nThis is a full-time, remote position reporting directly to the Head of Delivery.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\n\nWorkflow Engineering\n\nBuild, optimize, and maintain n8n workflows for scraping, verification, enrichment, and campaign automation.\nWrite and debug JavaScript functions to extend automation capabilities.\n\nDatabase & Systems Integration\n\nDevelop and maintain Airtable databases for leads, campaign tracking, and reporting.\nConnect third-party APIs (Apollo, Instantly, MillionVerifier, Leadmagic, Icypeas, etc.) into seamless workflows.\n\nInfrastructure Support\n\nAudit, improve, and scale cold email infrastructure (sending domains, inbox rotation, deliverability).\nImplement monitoring systems to ensure uptime, performance, and deliverability.\n\nCollaboration & Support\n\nPartner with the Head of Delivery to deploy new technical solutions at scale.\nProvide support to Growth Consultants by resolving issues, building tools, and automating repetitive tasks.\n\nInnovation\n\nResearch and implement new automation approaches, AI/LLM integrations, and system optimizations to keep us at the forefront of outbound email technology.\n\nRequirements\n\nTechnical Skills\n\nStrong proficiency in JavaScript (for automation scripting).\nHands-on expertise with n8n workflow automation.\nAdvanced skills in Airtable (formulas, automations, integrations).\nExperience managing large-scale data workflows (millions of rows, heavy API call volumes).\nBackground in cold email operations (infrastructure, deliverability, campaign management).\n\nSoft Skills\n\nAnalytical and detail-oriented — strong debugging and optimization mindset.\nProactive problem-solver, comfortable working with high autonomy.\nOrganized and reliable — able to handle multiple complex workflows at once.\nAdaptable to a fast-paced, high-growth environment.\n\nExperience\n\nProven success in building, auditing, and scaling technical workflows.\nFamiliarity with outbound systems and deliverability best practices.\nBonus: Experience with GlockApps, Folderly, Postmaster Tools, or advanced scraping/enrichment tools.\nBonus: Exposure to AI/LLM integrations or server/API scaling.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhat’s In It for You\n\nCompetitive Pay: Full-time contract role with global compensation.\n\nRemote Flexibility: Work from anywhere with reliable connectivity.\n\nHigh Impact: Your systems will directly influence campaign performance for 700+ clients.\n\nSkill Growth: Advance in automation, API integrations, and AI-driven workflows.\n\nInnovative Culture: Work with a team that values speed, ownership, and technical excellence.\n\nReady to Join Us?\n\nThis is your opportunity to build the technical backbone of an industry-leading outbound system. If you’re ready to engineer automation at scale and make a measurable impact, we want to hear from you.\n\nHow to Apply:\n\nPlease submit your CV along with examples of workflows, scripts, or automation projects you’ve built.\n\nYou’re welcome to share links to public GitHub repositories or other sample projects that best demonstrate your technical skills and problem-solving approach."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=91979cd7672f74b9","title":"Sales Associate (Freelance)","company":"Starling Talent Care Services","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":\"Dubai - United Arab Emirates\",\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=91979cd7672f74b9","description":"Sales Associate (Freelance)\n\nCompany- Starling Talent Care Services LLC\n\nLocation- Dubai, UAE\n\nVisa Type- Candidate must hold a valid freelance visa\n\nContract Type- Freelance / Project-Based\n\nCompensation- Project Based\n\nAbout Starling Talent Care Services LLC\n\nWe specialize in connecting employers with skilled professionals across a range of industries, with a focus on efficiency, compliance, and care. We’re currently seeking a freelance Sales Associate to help expand our market reach and support ongoing client engagement.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\n• Identify and generate leads through social media, referrals, and cold outreach.\n\n• Follow up with potential clients and schedule meetings or calls.\n\n• Support digital marketing campaigns (email, WhatsApp, Instagram, LinkedIn).\n\n• Assist in creating promotional content (flyers, posts, presentations).\n\n• Maintain and update lead tracking sheets or CRM.\n\n• Report weekly performance metrics (leads, inquiries, conversions).\n\n• Coordinate with the recruitment/admin team for service follow-ups.\n\n• Represent the company professionally during client interactions.\n\nRequirements\n\n• Must hold a valid freelance visa (Dubai/UAE).\n\n• Based in Dubai or able to work remotely with occasional in-person tasks.\n\n• 1–3 years’ experience in sales, marketing, or customer engagement.\n\n• Good command of English (spoken and written); Hindi or Arabic is a bonus.\n\n• Comfortable with tools like Google Sheets, Canva, Instagram, WhatsApp Business.\n\n• Strong interpersonal and communication skills.\n\n• Ability to work independently and meet weekly targets.\n\nWhat We Offer\n\n• Project-based compensation\n\n• Exposure to the recruitment and talent services industry.\n\n• Potential for long-term freelance collaboration.\n\n• Work-from-home flexibility with occasional field support.\n\nIdeal Candidate Profile\n\n• Holds own freelance visa.\n\n• Looking for stable project-based freelance work.\n\n• Has experience with sales outreach, marketing materials, and social media.\n\n• Self-driven, organized, and able to communicate well with clients and team."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=961b97e622c1a358","title":"Remote Sales Representative - Commission-Only (German Language Courses)","company":"","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=961b97e622c1a358","description":"*Company Description*\n\nGLAIS empowers learners worldwide to study in Germany by mastering German. Since 2014, we’ve offered tailored courses, high-quality Studienkolleg preparation, visa assistance, and integration support—both online and on-site. Our mission is to provide comprehensive language training and support services that facilitate smooth transitions to studying and living in Germany.\n\n*Role Description*\n\nThis is a full-time, commission-only role for a Sales Representative at GLAIS, fully remote. The Sales Representative will be responsible for generating leads, sales and enrolments for certified German language courses. Day-to-day tasks include identifying potential clients, conducting sales meetings, providing information about our courses and services, and closing sales. The role also involves maintaining relationships with existing clients and providing exceptional customer service to ensure satisfaction and referrals.\n\n*Why our courses sell*\n\n* Clear need, not a nice-to-nave: requirea levels for study work visas in Germany.\n* Live small-group classes, free trial class, flexible schedules.\n* Native teachers and fast tracks to B1/B2 with proven outcomes.\n* Simple checkout with your coupon (discount + tracking).\n* High continuation: most students re-enroll for additional 3-5 courses\n\n*What you will do every day.*\n\n* Own lead generation 100%: Facebook/WhatsApp/Instagram groups, student communities, agencies/schools, cold DMs/calls, personal network. We do not provide leads or ad budget.\n* Qualify prospects (goal, level, timing, budget).\n* Advise and close: explain levels, pricing, schedules, and the exact booking steps; ensure they book with your coupon\n* Follow up to move prospects from free trial to paid enrollment.\n* Hand off tricky cases to our team for consulting.\n* Target: 10 new students per month.\n* No admin work: no CRM, no weekly reports.\n\n*What we provide*\n\n* Marketing materials, one-pagers, flyers, visuals.\n* Sales scripts and email templates.\n* Playbooks with best markets, posting examples, and message flows.\n* Fast support on complex cases and product questions.\n* Your personal coupon code and a simple monthly payout report.\n* Growth path (top performers): May be offered a full-time Supervisor role to lead and coach the treelancer sales team (onboarding, playpooks, call CA, target management)\n\n*Compensation (commission-only.)*\n\n* $150 per new student who books and pays.\n* +$50 per additional course the same student books.\n* $450-$750 per Studienkolleg package (depending on option).\n* Payout: 30 days after payment (refund protection).\n* No upfront payments or tool budgets. Independent, results-based work.\n* (Admin note: We issue the monthly statement and release payouts; you don't need to invoice us.)\n\n*Qualifications*\n\n* Sales and Customer Service skills\n* Confident with cold outreach, DMs, group posting, and basic calling; strong objection handling, closing, and follow-up.\n* Experience in Education Sales, preferably in language courses\n* Patient, clear adviser who can explain levels (A1-C1), pricing, schedules, and the booking flow.\n* Excellent communication and negotiation skills\n* Independence: Self-starter who plans daily activity, works with minimal supervision, and owns pipeline metrics.\n* Ability to work independently and meet sales targets\n* Languages: Fluent English; Arabic / Urdu / Hindi / Turkish is a strong plus.\n* Tools & setup: Reliable internet, laptop with mic/headset, smartphone with WhatsApp.\n* Familiarity with the educational and cultural aspects of Germany\n* Proactive, self-motivated, and goal-oriented mindset\n* Bachelor's degree in Sales, Marketing, Business, or related field is a plus\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: From AED500.00 per month\n\n\n\nApplication Question(s):\n* Are you comfortable with a commission-only role? ($150 per new student, +$50 per additional course; payout 30 days after payment)\n\nExperience:\n* Sales: 1 year (Preferred)\n\nLanguage:\n* English (Required)"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=99b2a0a60b0d8ffb","title":"Salesforce Recruiter / Business Development Manager (POD Solutions)","company":"MaxAccelerate","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=99b2a0a60b0d8ffb","description":"Location: Remote (Work from anywhere) or HQ in Dubai\n Career Growth: Opportunity to move into a Director position within 24-36 months\n Competitive base salary + high commission structure\n\nAbout Us\n\nMaxaccelerate Technology Group is a global leader in technology solutions and consulting, specializing in Salesforce, DevOps, and enterprise cloud technologies. We provide Salesforce POD solutions—dedicated teams of certified consultants, developers, and architects—to help businesses scale their Salesforce capabilities efficiently.\n\nAs part of our growth, we’re seeking an experienced Business Development Manager with a background in technical contract recruitment who can strategically position and sell our Salesforce POD solutions to consultancies, partners, and enterprise clients.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\n Sales Strategy & Business Development\n\nDevelop and execute a go-to-market strategy for selling Salesforce PODs (pre-assembled teams of Salesforce specialists).\nIdentify and target Salesforce consultancies, end-users, and system integrators that need contract teams for projects.\nPosition the POD model as a cost-effective, flexible, and scalable alternative to traditional hiring.\nDrive outbound prospecting, lead generation, and strategic partnerships to win new business.\nWork closely with leadership to refine pricing models, service offerings, and value propositions.\n\n Client Engagement & Relationship Management\n\nAct as a trusted advisor, educating clients on the benefits of on-demand Salesforce teams vs. traditional hiring.\nLead high-level conversations with CTOs, CIOs, Heads of CRM, and IT Directors.\nManage contract negotiations, service agreements, and deal closures.\nContinuously refine the sales process based on market trends, client feedback, and competitor analysis.\n\n Market Expansion & Growth\n\nDevelop a scalable, repeatable strategy to expand Salesforce POD sales globally.\nIdentify new industries and regions where the POD model can be a game-changer.\nCollaborate with marketing to generate leads, build case studies, and create compelling sales collateral.\nTrack and report key KPIs, revenue growth, and client satisfaction metrics.\n\nRequirements\n\nWho We’re Looking For\n\n✅ Experience & Skills\n\n3+ years in technical contract recruitment, staffing, or workforce solutions within Salesforce, DevOps, or enterprise tech.\nProven track record in selling technology contract teams, recruitment solutions, or managed services.\nStrong understanding of the Salesforce ecosystem, including demand for Admins, Developers, Architects, and Consultants.\nAbility to develop a structured sales process and execute a high-impact business development strategy.\nSkilled in B2B sales, account management, and consultative selling.\n\n✅ Mindset & Personality\n\nEntrepreneurial mindset with a passion for scaling a high-growth sales solution.\nSelf-driven and capable of owning a business unit from strategy to execution.\nStrong negotiation, networking, and presentation skills.\nAbility to work independently or relocate to Dubai HQ if desired.\n\nBenefits\n\nWhy Join Us?\n\n Uncapped Earnings – Base salary + aggressive commission model.\n Global Flexibility – Work from anywhere or join our HQ in Dubai.\n Leadership Pathway – Fast-track to Director position within 24-36 months.\n Massive Growth Potential – Lead the Salesforce POD sales expansion globally.\n High-Impact Role – Be part of an innovative team disrupting Salesforce resource models.\n\nReady to Lead the Next Evolution of Salesforce Staffing?\n\nApply now or reach out for a confidential discussion."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b82d3141d332870","title":"Sales Development Representative, Enterprise | Israel","company":"DEEL","location":"{\"city\":null,\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"UAE\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"UAE\",\"latitude\":0,\"longitude\":0,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9b82d3141d332870","description":"Who we are is what we do.\n\nDeel is the all-in-one payroll and HR platform for global teams. Our vision is to unlock global opportunity for every person, team, and business. Built for the way the world works today, Deel combines HRIS, payroll, compliance, benefits, performance, and equipment management into one seamless platform. With AI-powered tools and a fully owned payroll infrastructure, Deel supports every worker type in 150+ countries—helping businesses scale smarter, faster, and more compliantly.\n\nAmong the largest globally distributed companies in the world, our team of 6,000 spans more than 100 countries, speaks 74 languages, and brings a connected and dynamic culture that drives continuous learning and innovation for our customers.\n\nWhy should you be part of our success story?\n\nAs the fastest-growing Software as a Service (SaaS) company in history, Deel is transforming how global talent connects with world-class companies – breaking down borders that have traditionally limited both hiring and career opportunities. We're not just building software; we're creating the infrastructure for the future of work, enabling a more diverse and inclusive global economy. In 2024 alone, we paid $11.2 billion to workers in nearly 100 currencies and provided healthcare and benefits to workers in 109 countries—ensuring people get paid and protected, no matter where they are.\n\nOur momentum is reflected in our achievements and customer satisfaction: CNBC Disruptor 50, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Fast 500, and repeated recognition on Y Combinator’s top companies list – all while maintaining a 4.83 average rating from 15,000 reviews across G2, Trustpilot, Captera, Apple and Google.\n\nYour experience at Deel will be a career accelerator. At the forefront of the global work revolution, you'll tackle complex challenges that impact millions of people's working lives. With our momentum—backed by a $12 billion valuation and $1 B in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) in just over five years—you'll drive meaningful impact while building expertise that makes you a sought-after leader in the transformation of global work.\n\nSummary\n\nAs our SDR Enterprise | You'll be playing a crucial role in breaking into new accounts and fostering relationships with multiple contacts within all levels of our target customer segments. You understand the impact you'll create on the bottom line, playing one of the most vital roles in the company. The day-to-day role includes collaboration with the broader sales team, market research to identify new potential customers and leads, and qualification of these leads by learning about their approach to onboarding.\n\nResponsibilities\n\nDrive Deel's growth through inbound and outbound prospecting efforts, generating sales leads that will turn into opportunities and closed business.\n\nLearn from our well-seasoned sales team and help build out our world-class Sales Playbook and Tech Stack.\n\nEducate and develop leads through inbound or outbound prospecting via phone calls, emails, events, webinars, and assorted campaigns.\n\nIdentify and develop an in-depth understanding of each lead generation process, supporting marketing activities, prospect touch-points, and the handoff to an Account Executive.\n\nGenerate email sequences, and make cold calls to map and penetrate accounts.\n\nConduct follow-up calls and emails until meetings are set.\n\nQualifications\n\n3-4 years of experience in a sales development or similar outbound commercial role\n\nExceptional communication and interpersonal skills\n\nAbility to work in a fast-paced, dynamic, and remote team environment\n\nStrong organizational and time management skills\n\nSelf-motivated, results-driven, and eager to learn\n\nAbility to work autonomously and self source solutions\n\nProven track record of achieving and exceeding targets in a quota-carrying role\n\nExperience with CRM systems and sales engagement tools is a plus\n\nYou are smart and work hard\n\nYou have an entrepreneurial spirit/experience with a strong growth mindset\n\nYou have a way with words and can write email copy and sequence campaigns that convert\n\nYou are adaptable and comfortable with a fast-paced environment\n\nYou are an active relationship builder who can collaborate with internal and external teams to consistently improve processes and communication workflows\n\nYou have worked for an HR or Fintech company, preferred\n\nYou've worked at a fast-growing startup, preferred\n\nYou have previously successfully worked in a remote & distributed team, preferred\n\nNative/fluent in Hebrew + English\n\nTotal Rewards\n\nOur workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.\n\nSome things you’ll enjoy\n\nStock grant opportunities dependent on your role, employment status and location\n\nAdditional perks and benefits based on your employment status and country\n\nThe flexibility of remote work, including optional WeWork access\n\nAt Deel, we’re an equal-opportunity employer that values diversity and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of race, religion, sex, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy or maternity or other applicable legally protected characteristics.\n\nUnless otherwise agreed, we will communicate with job applicants using Deel-specific emails, which include @deel.com and other acquired company emails like @payspace.com and @paygroup.com. You can view the most up-to-date job listings at Deel by visitingour careers page.\n\nDeel is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects different abilities, backgrounds, beliefs, experiences, identities and perspectives.\n\nDeel will provide accommodation on request throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process for applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation, please inform our Talent Acquisition Team at recruiting@deel.com of the nature of the accommodation that you may require, to ensure your equal participation.\n\nWe use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional processes. As part of the evaluation process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate-submitted applications. Certain features of the platform may qualify it as an Automated Employment Decision Tool (AEDT) under applicable regulations. For positions in New York City, our use of Covey complies with NYC Local Law 144.\n\nWe began using Covey Scout for Inbound on March 30, 2025.\n\nFor more information about our data protection practices, please visit our Privacy Policy. You can review the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here: https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9eedaf2fd6b24da0","title":"Binance Accelerator Program - Creative Program Executive","company":"Binance","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"15 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=9eedaf2fd6b24da0","description":"Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by over 230 million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.\n\nAbout Binance Accelerator Program\nBinance Accelerator Program is a concise fixed-term program designed for Early Career Talent to have an immersive experience in the rapidly expanding Web3 space. You will be given the opportunity to experience life at Binance and understand what goes on behind the scenes of the worlds’ leading blockchain ecosystem. Alongside your job, there will also be a focus on networking and development, which will expand your professional network and build transferable skills to propel you forward in your career. Learn about BAP Program HERE\n\nWho may apply\n Current university students and recent graduates\n\nWe are looking for a Junior Creative Program Executive to help develop and define the Binance identity. You will be part of a highly talented team, working to elevate the brand through creative excellence.\n\nThis position can be fully remote in the Middle East timezone.\nResponsibilities:\nAs part of the Creative team, work closely with the Creative Program Management leads to help manage overall Middle East North Africa (MENA) creative requests\nEnd-to-end project management for cross-functional projects\nReview and ensure quality creative briefs with sufficient turnaround time respectively\nDevelop project plans and timelines, and provide timely project updates\nClosely follow up, coordinate and collaborate while establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders including internal design team and other Marketing team members to help manage timelines and expectations\nSupport the implementation of operational excellence initiatives to improve workflows, processes, and systems across campaigns, video, paid ads, OOH, events, social and more the team to deliver at scale especially for scaling MENASA regional and local social and paid ads initiatives\nCollaborate closely with external creative agencies and production houses to ensure smooth creative process, creative work quality and delivery in a timely manner\nRequirements:\nA clear communicator - ability to express complex ideas clearly and succinctly, while collaborating closely with teams outside of the Creative group\nAbility to manage requests and projects independently\nExpertise in Google Workspace is a must\nFamiliarity with project management tool such as Asana is a plus\nExperience with graphic design and/or video production softwares (i.e. Adobe Creative Cloud, Figma) is a plus\nKnowledge and interest in the world of Binance and cryptocurrency is a plus\nBilingual in English would be ideal to be able to coordinate with overseas partners and stakeholders\nWhy Binance\n• Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem\n• Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure\n• Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment\n• Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning\n• Competitive salary and company benefits\n• Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)\n\nBinance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.\nBy submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Candidate Privacy Notice.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a320f0ed0fb90716","title":"Social Media Content Creator - French Fluent","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a320f0ed0fb90716","description":"Wait a minute—\n\nAre you obsessed with content that moves people?\n\nDo you watch a video and immediately break it down into 10 micro-content hooks?\n\nDo you know what makes people pause mid-scroll, click, engage—and come back for more?\n\nIf you’re a creator first, data-lover second, and brand-builder always, this might just be your next big adventure.\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom: feeling free to work remotely or hybrid and being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition: growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create an iconic brand like Nike\n\nImpact: contributing to transform people lives at scale and feel your own impact in the company\n\nOur sources of inspiration are Apple, Nike, Spotify, Disney for their obsession of excelling, having a worldwide impact and not just selling products but crafting experiences. You will be playing a pivotal role in making Paradox play at that level and becoming an iconic brand.\n\nFor us, being Iconic is to innovate at the intersection of Psychology x Creativity x Technology.\n\nWe’re looking for a high-performance Social Media Content Creator to take the raw gold in our video vault and turn it into viral magic. If you live for storytelling, iteration, and cracking the code of engagement, keep reading.\n\nThis is a full-time position, carried out from our beautiful offices in Dubai, Lisbon or full-remote from anywhere in the world.\n\nFrench and English fluency is required.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n-\n\nReporting directly to our VP of Marketing, you will own the end-to-end content creation engine for David Laroche and Paradox’s social media. Your work will shape the voice of a strong brand poised for massive scale.\n\nYour main goal as high-performance Social Media Content Creator will be to take the raw gold in our video vault, innovating and turning it into viral magic.\n\nHere are your 2 responsibilities :\n\n1 | TRANSFORM LONG-FORM CONTENT INTO VIRAL GOLD\n\nMine our content library (seminars, webinars, testimonials, programs) to extract the most valuable insights and turn them into powerful social media content.\n\nCreate short-form, high-impact pieces for Twitter/X, to capture traction, then repurpose them into Instagram Reels (eye catching hook video editing), carousels (creative design), and quote visuals.\n\nExtend this content to LinkedIn by ghostwriting posts for David Laroche that stay on-brand and spark conversation\n\nMaintain a killer editorial calendar (using Metricool) aligned with overarching content objectives.\n\nTest, iterate, and evolve: design smart systems to spot what works—and double down fast\n\n2 | BUILD THE DATA, SCALE WITH SYSTEMS\n\nMonitor content performance like a hawk: engagement, reach, clicks, shares\n\nExtract actionable insights to guide content decisions and systemize what works in the form of processes\n\nTest variations in hooks, visuals, editing, tone—optimize relentlessly\n\nDocument and systematize your learnings into scalable frameworks\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF?\n-\n\nThis role is not for the casual content scroller. It’s for creators who see craftsmanship in storytelling, opportunity in data, and brand-building as a lifelong game.\n\nMust-Haves:\n\nA proven track record of success in a similar role.\n\nAbility to identify high-leverage content from long-form sources (seminars, webinars, testimonials, programs) and repurpose it into engaging short-form formats for social platforms.\n\nStrong understanding of social media platforms, trends, and best practices.\n\nExcellent writing, excellent editing and designing skills.\n\nAbility to work effectively in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.\n\nProficiency in basic video editing tools (e.g., Premiere Pro, CapCut, Descript, or AI tools like Opus Clip).\n\nCapable of editing short vertical video content (Reels, TikToks, YouTube Shorts) with fast turnaround times.\n\nSkills in creating scroll-stopping carousels, quote graphics, and other Instagram-first visual content using tools like Canva, Figma, or Photoshop.\n\nEye for typography, layout, and visual clarity.\n\nExperience using analytics tools (e.g., Metricool, Later, or native platform analytics) to track performance and iterate based on insights.\n\nSelf-driven and able to own the content creation process end-to-end — from ideation to publishing.\n\nConstantly scanning trends, formats, and platform updates to keep content innovative and culturally relevant.\n\nTECH STACK:\n\nRunway, Midjourney, Eleven Labs, Descript, Opus Clip, Canva, Adobe, GPT… to create content with AI.\n\nMetricool, to manage and schedule posts, track performance, and engage with followers across multiple social media channels.\n\nHubspot, to manage and track customer interactions, automate marketing and sales processes, and drive growth.\n\nBrand24, Mention, Synthesio, or other similar tools to monitor brand mentions, track sentiment, and respond to customer inquiries and complaints.\n\nManyChat, to automate engagement processes, and improve customer experience.\n\nMonday, Slack, to manage project workflows, collaborate with teams, and streamline communication and file sharing.\n\nSelf-starter: You take ideas from ideation to execution without hand-holding\n\nYour Style\n\nDrive & Problem Solver: You’re ambitious, You work hard because you love it, you own things and get them done\n\nAnalytical Mind: you challenge your assumptions, able to quickly identify and formulate problems, and support your analysis with data\n\nGrowth over Ego: You are eager to learn, and receive hard feedback to grow. You let others speak and seek to understand their viewpoints.\n\nTeam Player: you love to work as a team, share and win together. ( Victory and Failure are “We” words )\n\nStrong Desire to create Wow\n\nLANGUAGES\n\nFrench & English fluency\n\nCurrently, 20% of the team is International, from the cherry blossoms of Japan, the Canadian lakes and to the forest of Madagascar.\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n-\n\nLet’s be clear, we are looking for someone who is not just Great, and for whom Paradox ambition isn’t just another cool project; but a true mission.\n\nSo if those personal interests : personal development / coaching / professional growth / education / edtech / teaching / edutainment are not things you REALLY love, and want to solve for other, let’s forget it\n\nLet’s forget about it also if,\n\nYou don’t like to be challenged and grow in your job\n\nYou don't like receiving or giving tough feedbacks\n\nYou don’t question the status quo: the process are there for a reason, we have always done it this way\n\nYou like to have very specific & fixed tasks assigned to you. Be told what to do and how to do it.\n\nYour only driver is joining a full-remote company: yes, our company culture is cool, but we want people to care about our mission, products, and their job!\n\nJOIN US IF YOU CRAVE\n-\n\nGrowth & Ambition\n\nWe hire only the best, it’s exhilarating to be surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood. You'll be working with some of the best minds. We understand that \"A\" people attract \"A\" people.\n\nNo more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your professional development.\n\n️ Being part of an ambitious company with a lot of growth opportunities\n\nImpact & Meaning\n\nPlaying a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\nWaking up in the morning knowing you are making a difference: we receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a milestone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that’s not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\nFreedom & Well Being*\n\nA company culture based on autonomy & accountability\nFlexible working hours\nA remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\nMagnificent offices in Dubai and Lisbon: you’re at home worldwide\nStanding desks paid by the company, if you live far from our offices\nMacbook: to be the most efficient in your work\n350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself (for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n150€ per year paid by the company to boost your knowledge (books, education): we are passionate about learning and want to support your growth)\n1:1 coachings: a Paradox coach supporting you personally or professionally to live your best life\nTeam building\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nHIRING PROCESS\n-\n\nThat job description resonated with you?\n\nHere is your tailor made hiring process\n\nA 6 to 8 minutes application survey (with a short video assignment)\n\nA 15–20 minute WhatsApp call with Chloé, our Talent Manager, to tell you more about the challenge and see if it fits your experience and expectations\n\nA video call with Chloé to deep dive into your career path and ambitions\n\nA video call with Quentin, the Hiring Manager to dive deeper into your technical skills, see how we can match your desires with our needs and for you both to understand how you could fit in Paradox’s social media team.\n\nA culture-fit video call with Timy - our culture coach - to check in depth the alignment between you and our values and culture\n\nA Take home Case Study, so we can learn more about your vision and understand if we can write the success story together.\n\nReference check to get in-depth insights about how you work in different environments, make your onboarding easier, and give everybody on the team the insurance to be surrounded by A-Players.\n\nWelcome aboard!\n\nAbout our hiring process\n\nOur recruitment process is tailored to do our best to avoid that you or us realize that we’re not a perfect fit. Every step serves a purpose and will allow us to get to know you better as much as it’ll help you understand more where you’ll be stepping in.\n\nWe also want you to have time to ask all of your questions regarding the mission, the long-term vision of your team and the company, our values, with the relevant interlocutor in front of you.\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nAt Paradox, we are convinced that people do not want “just a job” anymore.\n\nWe are all craving to have an impact through our professional journey. Some want to start their own venture, some want to become an intrapreneur in their current organization, some others just want their day-to-day tasks to have more meaning.\n\nPARADOX HAS ONE GOAL: TO EMPOWER PEOPLE AND ORGANIZATIONS TO LIVE THEIR TRUE AMBITIONS.\n\nBut where do we start?\n\nIf you have an interest in personal development, you probably already know that:\n\nMaking things happen is a real struggle when you don’t know what truly inspires you and how to get there ;\n\nAvailable resources are either boring or full of crazy unsubstantiated theories .\n\nIt needs to change, and we’re here to make it happen!\n\n️ OUR AMBITION IS TO MAKE SUCCESS THE ONLY POSSIBLE OUTCOME FOR OUR CLIENTS (WHATEVER SUCCESS MEANS FOR THEM), BY CRAFTING INNOVATIVE & CAPTIVATING BREAKTHROUGH EXPERIENCES.\n\nIn other words, we want to make personal growth as entertaining as watching Netflix.\n\nHow, you might be wondering?\n\nWe travel the world and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs (Richard Branson - Founder of Virgin, Marc Simoncini - Founder of Meeting, Fred Mazzella - Founder of BlablaCar), world athletes (Tony Parker - Hall of fame NBA Player, Frederick Bousquet - World record in 50m free swimming, Frank Leboeuf - WorldCup Footballer), and artists (Gad Elmaleh - Comedian, Franck Dubosc, Barry Osborne - Producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix) ;\n\nWe reverse engineer their strategies for achieving success and fulfillment and lean on the latest researches about neurosciences ;\n\nWe deliver trainings & educational contents around Power Skills (critical thinking, productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management, etc.), self-growth and performance, through a balanced set of e-learning programs, events and edutainment videos .\n\nFrom one well-known Founder to a team of +40 people today (and counting!), this approach has paid off and enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to have thousands of people attending our online events and training courses.\n\nTOGETHER, WE ARE DRIVEN BY ONE DREAM:\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve their dream and display their pictures on what we call the “100 000 dreams wall” ;\n\nGiving our clients access to constant personal growth by reinventing their learning experience ;\n\nLeverage AI and other technology to provide an outstanding customized experience to millions of people for them to transform their lives.\n\nAnd that’s where you come in. Join the Paradox Revolution !"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a53426197d8ce95b","title":"Senior Business Development Executive","company":"Future Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":\"Al Ain - Dubai Road\",\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a53426197d8ce95b","description":"Company Description\n\nFuture Group! Since 1994, we've been at the forefront of the localization market, with a worldwide presence spanning North & Latin America, Asia, Europe, and MEA. Now, we're on the lookout for passionate individuals to join our dynamic team as Business Development Executives.\n\nJob Description\n\nWe’re seeking a driven and results-oriented SaaS Business Development Manager to expand the market reach of Future Group’s technology products, including Web Autopilot, AI Chatbot, and other innovative digital solutions. The ideal candidate has proven experience in SaaS or tech sales, understands B2B enterprise sales cycles, and can successfully close deals across UAE, KSA, and international markets.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\nThe ideal candidate has proven experience in SaaS or tech sales, understands B2B enterprise sales cycles, and can successfully close deals across UAE, KSA\n\n3–5 years’ experience in B2B SaaS sales or technology business development.\nProven track record of meeting/exceeding sales targets.\nStrong understanding of SaaS business models and enterprise sales cycles.\nExcellent communication, negotiation, and presentation skills.\nFamiliarity with the Middle East market is a plus.\nSelf-motivated with the ability to work independently and in a team.\nFluent in English and Arabic\nRemote work but willing to travel to UAE and KSA for client meetings and events\nprefer someone who already located at UAE or KSA\n\nQualifications\n\nIdentify and qualify new business opportunities in target markets. And do lead generation\nDevelop and execute sales strategies to meet and exceed revenue targets.\nBuild and maintain strong relationships with decision-makers and key stakeholders.\nPresent and demonstrate Future Group’s SaaS solutions to prospects.\nNegotiate contracts, and close deals.\nCollaborate with marketing and product teams to refine go-to-market strategies.\nMaintain accurate sales pipelines and forecasts in CRM."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a534e97c312dd081","title":"Customer Success Account Manager","company":"Microsoft","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"8 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a534e97c312dd081","description":"Customer Success Account Manager\n\nDubai, United Arab Emirates\n\n* No longer accepting applications\nDate posted\nFeb 11, 2025\nJob number\n1806816\nWork site\nUp to 50% work from home\nTravel\n0-25 %\nRole type\nIndividual Contributor\nProfession\nCustomer Success\nDiscipline\nCustomer Success Account Mgmt\nEmployment type\nFull-Time\nOverview\n\nMicrosoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.\n\nAt Microsoft, our Customer Success team has the mission to empower customers to accelerate business value through differentiated customer experiences that leverage Microsoft’s products and services, ignited by our people and culture.\n\nAre you the technology professional that has Customer Centricity and Consumption & Usage blood running in your veins? Do you want to be that key person that helps our more Enterprise customers achieving the most out of the Microsoft products and services they use? Do you get your energy from making your customers succeed in making their strategic and transformational cloud projects real? Come join our CSU team and help us build a future where customers achieve their business outcomes faster with technology that does more.\n\nAs a Customer Success Account Manager (CSAM), you will be the primary Consumption, Usage and Delivery business leader and a partner for our customers, empowering them to achieve more by accelerating their value realization across our cloud platforms. By leveraging your technical expertise, business acumen and industry perspectives you will be responsible for the end-to-end post sales consumption, usage and support orchestration across the Microsoft ecosystem to align the right resources at the right time to achieve customer business outcomes. Be ready to make impact! This opportunity will allow you to accelerate your career growth, leverage your delivery management capabilities and deepen your cloud and industry expertise.\n\nQualifications\n\nRequired/Minimum Qualifications:\n\nBachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business, or related field And 8+ years customer success, area sales management, solution delivery, practice management, customer-facing consulting, or portfolio management experience\nOR Master's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Business related field, or related field AND 6+ years customer success, area sales management, solution delivery, practice management, customer-facing consulting, or portfolio management experience\nOR equivalent experience\n\nAdditional or Preferred Qualifications:\n\nBachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business or related field AND 12+ years customer success, area sales management, solution delivery, practice management, customer-facing consulting, or portfolio management experience\nOR Master's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business, or related field AND 10+ years customer success, area sales management, solution delivery, practice management, customer-facing consulting, or portfolio management experience\n\nResponsibilities\n\nCustomer Relationship Management\n\nBuilds and coaches others on customer, partner, and internal stakeholder engagement strategy and models. Creates, influences, and evolves healthy, strategic relationships with key customer stakeholders, partners, and technical professionals to lead quality solution delivery and health using partnerships with other account team leaders and lead orchestration across internal/external stakeholders. Expands and holds accountability for executive customer and partner relationships with a focus on leading the definition of business outcomes and how to align Microsoft strategy to customer business priorities.\nIdentifies, navigates, communicates, and influences key customer technical, business, and executive-level stakeholders (including partners). Guides and leads conversations to facilitate the achievement of customer business objectives by leveraging their investment in Microsoft. Maps internal roles to customer priorities to action the needs of customers and provides input into customer priorities. Holds, maintains, and nurtures internal stakeholder relationships. Influences and challenges senior/executive internal stakeholders. Leads business value conversations at customer executive levels and coaches others to communicate effectively in business value conversations.\nSynthesizes and combines various insights from their team and customer industry regarding business and Information Technology objectives for customer organizations using partnership with other account team leaders. Identifies customer priorities with shared accountability for the creation of shared customer account plans to support customer objectives specific to the customer's business transformation programs and common to the industry. Provides leadership to the team to execute support and consumption delivery programs. Uses industry trends and program delivery progress to identify priority area to drive customer environmental health outcomes. Shares industry trends with customers in terms of Microsoft current practices for their industry.\n\nTechnical Relevance\n\nUnderstands, identifies, and aligns Microsoft solutions, cross-cloud and technical capabilities (e.g., Azure, Modern Work, Dynamics) to expand upon and accelerate customer needs and priorities. Leverages deep foundational industry, technical expertise, and visionary mindset to enable customer success. Articulates cross-cloud technology, solutions, and services in a compelling way to internal and external stakeholders. Evangelizes Microsoft's position in the customers' cloud technology marketplace against competitors. Leverages understanding of the customer's technology platform and Microsoft's technology roadmap to enable customer digital transformation.\n\nCustomer Success Leadership\n\nDrives conversations with customers to demonstrate alignment between customer objectives and the current Microsoft portfolio of work in the customer account. Embraces the organizational and customer success strategy to maximize customer's investments and value. Drives and agrees upon a long-term approach to fuel adoption of Microsoft technology and services in alignment with the customer's goals and objectives. Drives account team planning, promoting business and technical needs for change to challenge customer thinking that drives transformation towards modern digital approaches. Aligns with the account team to link Customer Success Plans (CSPs) with account plan priorities and develop bookable programs of work. Challenges the customer and influences their strategic decision making, driving the case for change towards improved operational health.\nIn partnership with key stakeholders and executives, develops and delivers strategic roadmaps for executing program planning and customer-facing program review, prioritizing engagements, and influencing key stakeholder and executive expectations to address agreed-upon customer outcomes and account priorities to deliver ongoing customer success. Leverages, improves upon, and streamline Microsoft delivery management methodologies, processes, and tools to improve and mitigate risks to customer operational health. Proactively anticipates, identifies, and mitigates customer blockers and risks by leveraging Microsoft solutions and services, and develops deliverable programs of work. Orchestrates delivery resources to facilitate value realization with a focus on driving operational health. Leads delivery program reviews with internal stakeholders to ensure alignment on customer outcomes and account priorities. Leads escalation management and communications for delivery programs in the customer account.\nLeverages and improves upon methods for identifying, monitoring, and mitigating actual and potential blockers to consumption through data analysis and customer feedback. Mobilizes resources to address actual and potential blockers to consumption, ensure delivery on and continuously refine Customer Success Plans (CSPs), and identify opportunities for consumption optimization. Holds accountability for identified consumption milestones and their completion. Partners with customers to understand their business objectives and priorities, identify cross-selling and add-on opportunities, optimize usage, drive adoption, prioritize Microsoft products and services delivery to meet the most critical agreed-upon customer outcomes and account priorities, and develop and execute CSPs to meet them in order to manage consumption holistically across the entire portfolio. Proactively drives business growth strategies.\n\nBenefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.\nIndustry leading healthcare\nEducational resources\nDiscounts on products and services\nSavings and investments\nMaternity and paternity leave\nGenerous time away\nGiving programs\nOpportunities to network and connect\nMicrosoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.\n* No longer accepting applications"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a55ed121fd51ee97","title":"Cold Calling Executive (Remote)","company":"Digiexpo","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a55ed121fd51ee97","description":"*About Us*\n\nDigiexpo, is a *Dubai-based digital marketing and sales company* helping businesses grow through lead generation, online branding, and performance marketing. We’re looking for a *Cold Calling Executive* to join our expanding remote sales team.\n\nThis is a *remote, performance-based role* ideal for self-motivated professionals who thrive in *telesales, cold calling, and B2B lead generation.*\n\n*Key Responsibilities:*\n\n* Make *4–6 hours of outbound calls daily* (approx. 24–30 hours per week).\n* *Generate qualified leads* and schedule *a minimum of 60 meetings per month.*\n* Use company-provided *scripts and CRM tools* to present Digiexpo’s services confidently.\n* Update CRM with accurate lead details, call notes, and meeting logs.\n* Follow up with prospects and ensure professional communication throughout the sales cycle.\n* Coordinate with internal sales teams to maximize lead conversion rates.\n\n*What We Provide:*\n\n* *Phone & SIM card* with an active call plan for official use.\n* Access to *CRM, call scripts, and professional email templates.*\n* A *pre-qualified lead database* for easier outreach.\n* Comprehensive *sales training and ongoing guidance* from a dedicated manager.\n\n*Candidate Requirements:*\n\n* Must be *based in the UAE* and on *own visa* (Freelance / Spouse / Family).\n* Excellent *spoken English* with strong communication and persuasion skills.\n* Prior *cold calling or telesales experience* preferred (B2B or B2C).\n* Confident, self-motivated, and goal-oriented personality.\n* Reliable, organized, and consistent in meeting performance targets.\n* Availability: *4–6 hours/day*, *5–6 days/week.*\n\n*Compensation & Benefits:*\n\n* *AED 1,500/month* (upon achieving 60 qualified meetings).\n* *Attractive bonuses and performance incentives* for exceeding targets.\n* *All call-related expenses covered* by the company.\n* *Flexible working hours* and a results-driven environment.\n* Opportunity to *grow within a Dubai-based digital marketing company.*\n\n*Why Join Digiexpo?*\n\n* Work remotely while collaborating with a *fast-growing, tech-driven team.*\n* Develop expertise in *sales, digital marketing, and B2B communication.*\n* Enjoy *flexibility, autonomy, and career growth* based on performance.\n\nIf you are ambitious, confident, and ready to build a rewarding sales career, we want to hear from you!\n\n*How to Apply:*\nApply directly through Indeed if you’re an experienced sales professional looking to advance your digital marketing career in Dubai.\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: From AED1,500.00 per month"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a747a423b5466b14","title":"Business Developer - French fluent","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"22 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=a747a423b5466b14","description":"Wait a minute.\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom : feeling free to work remotely or hybrid and being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition : growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create something big\n\nImpact : contributing to transform people lives at scale\n\nAnd you deserve it because you are a Top Gun Business Developer who will attract, find and sell our training :\n\n- A networker at heart, already maintaining your own network and consistently identifying new opportunities .\n- You love spending your day on the phone, you are ready to make more than 10 intense calls a day.\n- Passionate about sales and influence, you love people deeply. You like to be interested in others and you know how to create a link very easily.\n- Ready to actively meet, know and listen to new people during online or in-person events. You are energized when you interact with people\n\nThis is a full-time position, carried out from the comfort of your living room (or wherever you want) or from our amazing offices in Paris, Dubaï or Lisbon, or soon Barcelona.\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nWe are convinced that people don’t want a job anymore!\nThey are thirsty for a project with meaning, either through entrepreneurship, or intrapreneurship\n\nBut…making it happen is quite hard without finding what truly inspires you and learning the soft skills you need to get there : productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management…\n\nThis is why we craft trainings & educational content to provide a set of tools and strategies centered around soft skills, self-growth and performance.\nWe deliver through apps, e-learning platforms, events and a strong social media presence.\n\nParadox has one goal: to help people and organizations live their true ambition\n\nThe challenge is that some people experience learning as boring, too hard, or on the contrary : for losers.\nYeah, we all experienced that boring teacher or stumble on this video with unsubstantiated/crazy theories\n\nIt needs to change!!\n\nSo we travel the world with learning designers, and researchers and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs ( Richard Branson, Marc Simoncini, Fred Mazzella ), top athletes (Mike Horn, Frank Leboeuf), artists (Gad Elmaleh, Barry Osborne, producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix)... to reverse engineer their strategies.\n\n️Our ambition is to make our trainings and coaching as attractive as watching Netflix and to make success the only option for our clients. (whatever success means for them)\n\nSo far, this approach has paid off and has enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to organize online events and training courses attended by thousands of people.\n\nBut we wanted more, so we created new brands with international ambitions.\n\nAnd with them we have 3 dreams :\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve 1 dream and stick their pictures on a wall we call the 100 000 dreams WALL\n\nHave Will Smith and Richard Branson in our next documentary\n\nReinvent Education & Create a badass platform to develop yourself\n\nAnd that's where you come in.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n -\n\nYour mission will be to generate new opportunities by identifying new students for trainings that we are proposing.\nWe are looking for a Top Gun Business Developer to join our Sales team.\nReporting to a Sales manager, you will be part of a top team of 6 to 10 people and your main responsibilities are:\n\n1- Attract, find and convince new students to join our trainings\n\nIdentify new students who will be successful in our trainings\n\nIdentify new leads by emailing people that could be interested by our training\n\nMake at least 1 to 3 sales every day\n\n2 - Source and be proactive to attract new students for the team and yourself\n\nOrganize Linkedin campaigns or email campaigns via Hubspot to set up meetings\n\nMake outbound calls on qualified leads : leads know us and are happy to talk with us !\n\nAnd you may have other ideas of identifying new students who could impact our business. We look forward to hearing about them.\n\n3 - Use the CRM as a way to be more productive and scalable for developing your Sales\n\nManage all your calls and meetings via Hubspot\n\nManage your own reports on Hubspot for leads that you are generating.\n\nEnsure strategic, personalized business reminders and follow up on ongoing leads on your CRM\n\nYou know or are ready to learn how to use the CRM as a way to be more effective and efficient, to give visibility to the team for the work that you are doing and mainly to identify opportunities.\n\n4 - Overcome objections with diligence and assertivity and escalate recurring objections\n\nBeing ready to listen 2 to 3 call records by week to improve your way of overcoming objections and selling\n\nParticipating and proposing 1 to 5 new ideas per month to improve our offers\n\n5 - Participate actively to Paradox’s in person and online events\n\nBeing ready to sell during events or webinars\n\nEnjoy, appreciate and meet participants during our physical events\n\nAssisting and animating minimum 2 webinars per months\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF ?\n\n-\n\nMust have :\n\nAutonomy & Leardership\nYou are organized and rigorous ! You know how to manage multiple priorities effectively.\nYou lead the way and get others on board. You organize and express ideas clearly and concisely. You make decisions and take responsibility for them and their consequences.\n\nKnowledge and curious about our market\nYou are aware or very interested in the personal development market, the coaching market, the entrepreneurship market or the Edtech market.\n\nSales efficiencies\n\nYou excel in sales. You know when to speak, when to listen and guide customers through their decision-making process. You are ready to be coached to become the best sales ever !\nAnd also you are passionate about Sales & Influence : you love to constantly train yourself to improve your sales, influence and negotiation skills.\n\nDigital understanding\nYou know how to complete a monitoring table perfectly or you have already managed and kept a CRM updated.You would be able to lead a digital project with a tech team.\n\nPersonality :\n\nDrive & Problem Solver : You’re ambitious, You work hard because you love it, you own things and get them done\n\nAnalytical Mind : you challenge your assumptions, able to quickly identify and formulate problems, and support your analysis with data\n\nGrowth over Ego : You are eager to learn, and receive hard feedback to grow. You let others speak and seek to understand their viewpoints.\n\nTeam Player : you love to work as a team, share and win together. ( Victory and Failure are “We” words )\n\nStrong Desire to create Woww\n\nAll the adjectives/nouns used are perfectly feminine! Moreover, the team is made up of 50% women.\n\nExperience\n\nMinimum of 2 years experience of selling.\n\nLanguage\n\nFrench : native\n\nEnglish: Fluent English, you can hold a conversation on specific details with English-speaking colleagues.\n\nOur chosen language for written communication is English.\nCurrently, 10% of the team is English-speaking, a % which will continue to grow.\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n\n-\n\nWe are inspired by a culture of performance and ambition. We have a very startup-oriented culture where everything is fast-paced and there is a lot of change. You won’t always be told what to do or how to do it\n\nWe tell each other things, even if they are uncomfortable. We value growth over ego. At Paradox, expressing disagreement to a manager and knowing how to debate is valued! We encourage critical and strategic thinking.\n\nIf all this makes sense with you, then we'll love working with you (and you with us, you'll be pampered!)\n\nWHY JOIN US\n\n-\n\nA work with Impact, Freedom and Ambition\n\nGrowth & Ambition\n\n -> Being surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood\n\n -> No more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your growth\n\n -> ️Being part of an ambitious company synonymous with opportunities for evolution!\n\nCompetitive Salary\n\nBut you don’t just want a competitive paycheck, you also want…\n\nImpact & Meaning\n\n-> Playing a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\n\n -> Waking up in the morning feeling like you are making a difference is something!\nWe receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a milestone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that's not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\nFreedom & Well Being\n\n -> A company culture based on autonomy & accountability\n\n -> Flexible working hours\n\n -> A remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\n\n -> Magnificent office in Dubai, Paris, Barcelona - it feels like home :)\n\n -> Standing desks paid by the company if you live far from our offices\n\n -> Work on Mac, for us it counts :)\n\n -> 350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself ( for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n\n -> Annual team building / Team retreats to get together - you receive your plane ticket to join us by the pool and have a good time together, or brainstorm the next crazy challenge.\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nAnd as Yannick, our community manager, says:\n\nTo make a long story short, Paradox is a growth adventure on steroids, an adventure where you grow personally, whilst helping others do the same.\n\nHOW TO APPLY\n\n-\n\nAny copy-pasted and non-personalized application goes directly to the trash can.\n\nTo complete the recruitment process, each candidate must organize calls with his or her previous managers. If you are not comfortable with this : do not apply\n\nIf all this sounds good to you, come and write the next chapter with us"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae81db8871486403","title":"AI Marketing Specialist (Part-time / Remote)","company":"Wood Wizards Child Skills Development Training LLC","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ae81db8871486403","description":"*Wood Wizards* — a creative woodworking studio in Dubai offering engaging workshops for kids and adults — is looking for an *AI Marketing Specialist* to develop and implement intelligent marketing systems that drive growth and automation.\n\n*Responsibilities*\n\n* Develop and implement *AI-driven marketing strategies* (LinkedIn, Email, Social Media).\n* Set up *personalized outreach campaigns* and *DM funnels*.\n* Automate *lead generation and contact management* using AI tools.\n* Integrate *LLMs (ChatGPT, Claude, Jasper, etc.)* for content creation and analytics.\n* Build a *centralized AI platform* (e.g. Airtable) connecting content, analytics, CRM, and outreach tools.\n* Analyze conversion data and *optimize marketing funnels*.\n\n*Requirements*\n\n* 1+ year of experience in *AI marketing* or *marketing automation*.\n* Understanding of *AI-based LinkedIn promotion* strategies.\n* Proficiency with *ChatGPT, Claude, Jasper, Airtable, Zapier, Notion, Make, HubSpot* or similar tools.\n* Ability to *integrate multiple AI tools into one system*.\n* Strong data analysis, systems thinking, and initiative.\n\n*Conditions*\n\n* *Part-time:* 10–20 hours per week.\n* *Remote, flexible schedule.*\n* Payment format is negotiable (hourly, project-based, or fixed).\n* Opportunity for *long-term collaboration and growth.*\n\n*How to Apply*\n\nSend a short description of your experience + *1–2 examples of AI implementation in marketing*.\n\nPlease include your *preferred work format* (hourly / project-based) and *expected compensation*.\n\nJob Type: Part-time"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=af569a818e7f2328","title":"Technical Lead (Rust/C++)","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=af569a818e7f2328","description":"About Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we've grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we rock with over 180 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels and Singapore, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We're pioneers in adopting the Rust development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry's progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we're not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We're actively building it.\n\nMission statement\n\nAs Technical Lead at Keyrock, you will assume responsibility for the technology underpinning our Strategic Market Making team, designing and developing mid/high-frequency, large-scale trading platforms that provide Keyrock with a competitive advantage. You will oversee the entire development lifecycle - from initial architecture and code reviews to performance optimisation and continuous deployment - harmonising strategic vision with hands-on engineering. You will foster a culture of innovation and collaboration, working closely with Product, Quantitative Research and Operations to translate strategic objectives into scalable systems and measurable outcomes. Ultimately, you will ensure the delivery of secure, reliable and high-performance solutions that maintain Keyrock’s market leadership.\n\nJob description\n\nLead and manage a team of talented engineers, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and excellence.\n\nDrive the design, development, and maintenance of high-concurrency, high-performance trading systems.\n\nCollaborate closely with product management to align engineering efforts with product goals and roadmap.\n\nImplement and enforce best practices in software development, including code reviews, testing methodologies, and deployment strategies.\n\nEnsure the scalability, reliability, and security of our systems by implementing robust architectures and engineering practices.\n\nProvide technical leadership and mentorship to team members, fostering their professional growth and development.\n\nStay abreast of industry trends and emerging technologies, identifying opportunities for innovation and improvement.\n\nCollaborate with cross-functional teams to drive continuous improvement and operational excellence.\n\nCollaborate with System Architect and other Engineering managers to align with our company-wide technical strategy.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nProvide both strategic direction and day-to-day hands-on development across our suite of high-concurrency, high-performance trading platforms.\n\nLead, mentor and inspire a multidisciplinary team of engineers, embedding a growth mindset, agile practices and engineering excellence.\n\nPartner with Product Management to translate roadmap objectives into scalable architectures, rigorous engineering plans and sprint deliverables.\n\nDefine, implement and uphold industry-leading development standards - including comprehensive code reviews, test-driven development, CI/CD pipelines and release orchestration.\n\nArchitect and validate robust, secure and resilient systems; proactively identify performance bottlenecks and champion continuous optimisation.\n\nCollaborate with the System Architect and fellow Engineering Managers to ensure alignment with our overarching technical vision and technology stack roadmap.\n\nDrive innovation by evaluating emerging technologies, fostering proof-of-concepts and rolling out improvements that deliver measurable business impact.\n\nEngage with cross-functional teams (Operations, Security, QA, Architecture) to streamline processes, elevate operational maturity and guarantee 24/7 production reliability.\n\nRequirements\n\nBachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent practical experience\n\nDemonstrated expertise in architecting and maintaining high-concurrency, low-latency trading systems at scale\n\nAdvanced proficiency in Rust (or C++ and willing to learn Rust); working knowledge of Node.js (JavaScript/TypeScript) and Python is an advantage\n\nDeep experience with data-intensive architectures and real-time data pipelines\n\nProven track record deploying, optimising and operating AWS environments for ultra-low-latency workloads\n\nHands-on experience containerising applications and managing Kubernetes clusters in production\n\nFamiliarity with GitOps workflows to automate infrastructure provisioning, configuration and deployments\n\nSolid command of software engineering best practices, including Agile methodologies, DevOps principles and end-to-end CI/CD pipelines\n\nKnowledge of DevSecFinOps principles to embed security, compliance and cost-governance throughout the delivery lifecycle\n\nDemonstrated leadership of engineering teams, with a commitment to fostering collaboration, mentorship and continuous professional growth\n\nExcellent communication and stakeholder-management skills, able to partner effectively with Product, Quantitative Research and Operations\n\nStrong analytical and problem-solving mindset, with a passion for building scalable, reliable and secure systems\n\nDeep domain knowledge of finance and trading, particularly within the cryptocurrency sector\n\nExperience in fast-paced, dynamic financial or fintech environments is highly desirable\n\nWe would like the successful candidate to be based in the UK or Europe. Remote and flexible work options are available.\n\nOur recruitment philosophy\n\nWe value self-awareness in our recruitment process. We seek people who understand themselves and their career goals. We're after those with the right skills and a conscious choice to join our field. The perfect fit? A crypto enthusiast who’s driven, collaborative, and delivers solid, scalable outcomes.\n\nOur offer\n\nA competitive salary package, with various benefits depending on the method of engagement (employee or freelancer).\n\nAutonomy in your time management thanks to flexible working hours and the opportunity to work remotely\n\nThe freedom to create your own entrepreneurial experience by being part of a team of people in search of excellence\n\nAs an employer we are committed to build an inclusive, diverse and non-discriminating work environment. We welcome employees of all backgrounds, ethnicities, genders, creed and sexual orientation. We hire, reward and promote entirely based on merit and performance.\n\nDue to the nature of our business and external requirements, we perform background checks on all potential employees, passing which is a prerequisite to join Keyrock.\n\nhttps://keyrock.com/careers/"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b507e66f4ce5b2c1","title":"Sales Development Representative","company":"Alaan","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b507e66f4ce5b2c1","description":"About Alaan\n\nWe are an AI-powered expense management platform designed to simplify finance for businesses in the Middle East, helping them save both time and money. Our platform offers everything businesses need to manage and control their expenses in one place, including smart corporate cards, AI-powered automation and insights, streamlined accounting, and centralized dashboards.\n\nSince 2022, over 800 businesses in the UAE—from startups to enterprises like Al Barari, Rove, Rivoli, Punjab National Bank, and CarSwitch—have used Alaan to control their spending and reduce costs. Together, our customers have saved over AED 100 million using Alaan.\n\nAbout the role\nWe’re looking for a passionate and driven Sales Development Representative (SDR) to join our growing sales team. You’ll play a key role in identifying potential customers and creating new business opportunities through creative outbound efforts.\n\nNote: This is a remote position, not restricted to residents of the United Arab Emirates.\n\nWhat you'll do\nIdentifying and engaging with potential customers through cold calls, LinkedIn, emails, and any creative strategies you think will work to book meetings.\nQualifying prospects and generating a steady pipeline for our sales team.\nGuiding leads through the sales funnel by setting appointments, following up, and tracking progress toward sales goals.\nUsing Salesforce (our CRM) to track leads and manage sales activities.\nStaying ahead of the curve on market trends and competition.\nWhat we are looking for\nUp to 1 year of experience in outbound B2B SaaS sales—if you’ve worked in a fast-paced startup, even better! Fresh graduates who are eager to dive into sales are also welcome to apply.\nFast learner, and giving up is not in your vocabulary\nSomeone who thrives in dynamic environments and can juggle multiple tasks with ease.\nPassionate about solving problems and delivering value for customers.\nGreat at building meaningful relationships with other people.\nFluent in English, Arabic is a great bonus\nWhat's in it for you\nContribute to building the Middle East’s most beloved fintech brand from the ground up\nBenefit from a role with significant ownership and accountability\nThrive in a flexible hybrid culture with ample work-life balance\nParticipate in exciting offsite events\nCompetitive salary and equity\nEnjoy additional perks like travel allowances, gym memberships, and more"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b586153bdb6d7203","title":"Solution Consultant","company":"Seclore","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b586153bdb6d7203","description":"Job Description\n\nCongratulations, you have taken the first step towards bagging a career-defining role. Join the team of superheroes that safeguard data wherever it goes.\n\nWhat should you know about us?\n\nSeclore protects and controls digital assets to help enterprises prevent data theft and achieve compliance. Permissions and access to digital assets can be granularly assigned and revoked, or dynamically set at the enterprise-level, including when shared with external parties. Asset discovery and automated policy enforcement allow enterprises to adapt to changing security threats and regulatory requirements in real-time and at scale.\n\nKnow more about us at www.seclore.com\n\nYou would love our tribe:\n\nIf you are a risk-taker, innovator, and fearless problem solver who loves solving challenges of data security, then this is the place for you!\n\nDesignation: Solution Consultant\n\nWork Location: Egypt (Remote)\n\nHere's what you will get to explore:\n\n· Engage with our existing and prospective customers and help them to adopt Seclore’s products and solutions to meet their business requirements.\n\n· Ensure consistent growth in the product awareness, adoption, and usage by Seclore’s customers.\n\n· Show case product and solution concepts via presentations, demos, user evangelization and effective documentation.\n\n· Lead discovery sessions with IT and business users to understand the client's business objectives and system/application needs.\n\n· With excellent understanding of Seclore’s product features and related technologies, design the solution that best meets the client's requirements.\n\n· Proactively create documentary artifacts like business cases, usage scenarios, solution blue- prints, FAQs, meeting notes etc.\n\n· Lead or work with other customer success teams to ensure successful completion of project milestones for production Go-live, UAT sign-off and the initial rollout phase of the project.\n\n· Communicate progress and expectations, escalates problems for awareness and resolution.\n\n· Lead client training sessions\n\n· Support clients through go-live process and play key role in promoting solution adoption and usage.\n\n· Provide regular and adequate end user feedback to the product team.\n\n· Create opportunities for upselling of Seclore’s offerings\n\nWe can see the next Entrepreneur At Seclore if you have:\n\n· An experience in information security procedures and practices.\n\n· A certification in the knowledge areas related to information security, business process management or IT infrastructure.\n\n· An analytical frame of mind to identify multiple solutions to the same problem, to help in decision making.\n\n· A ‘can do’ attitude to be able to work within existing constraints and come up with innovative ideas that may not be obvious or apparent.\n\n· Maturity and level headedness to be handle difficult situations and still maintain healthy relationships with customers and partners offerings is a plus Knowledge of information cyber security\n\nWhy do we call Seclorites Entrepreneurs not Employees?\n\n· We value and support those who take the initiative and calculate risks.\n\n· We have an attitude of a problem solver and an aptitude that is tech agnostic. You get to work with the smartest minds in the business.\n\n· We are thriving not living. At Seclore, it is not just about work but about creating outstanding employee experiences. Our supportive and open culture enables our team to thrive.\n\nExcited to be the next Entrepreneur, apply today!\n\nDon’t have some of the above points in your resume at the moment? Don’t worry. We will help you build it.\n\nLet’s build the future of data security at Seclore together."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b72120909c50e86c","title":"Binance Accelerator Program - Creative Program Executive","company":"Binance","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"15 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b72120909c50e86c","description":"Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by over 230 million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.\n\nAbout Binance Accelerator Program\nBinance Accelerator Program is a concise fixed-term program designed for Early Career Talent to have an immersive experience in the rapidly expanding Web3 space. You will be given the opportunity to experience life at Binance and understand what goes on behind the scenes of the worlds’ leading blockchain ecosystem. Alongside your job, there will also be a focus on networking and development, which will expand your professional network and build transferable skills to propel you forward in your career. Learn about BAP Program HERE\n\nWho may apply\n Current university students and recent graduates\n\nWe are looking for a Junior Creative Program Executive to help develop and define the Binance identity. You will be part of a highly talented team, working to elevate the brand through creative excellence.\n\nThis position can be fully remote in the Middle East timezone.\nResponsibilities:\nAs part of the Creative team, work closely with the Creative Program Management leads to help manage overall Middle East North Africa (MENA) creative requests\nEnd-to-end project management for cross-functional projects\nReview and ensure quality creative briefs with sufficient turnaround time respectively\nDevelop project plans and timelines, and provide timely project updates\nClosely follow up, coordinate and collaborate while establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders including internal design team and other Marketing team members to help manage timelines and expectations\nSupport the implementation of operational excellence initiatives to improve workflows, processes, and systems across campaigns, video, paid ads, OOH, events, social and more the team to deliver at scale especially for scaling MENASA regional and local social and paid ads initiatives\nCollaborate closely with external creative agencies and production houses to ensure smooth creative process, creative work quality and delivery in a timely manner\nRequirements:\nA clear communicator - ability to express complex ideas clearly and succinctly, while collaborating closely with teams outside of the Creative group\nAbility to manage requests and projects independently\nExpertise in Google Workspace is a must\nFamiliarity with project management tool such as Asana is a plus\nExperience with graphic design and/or video production softwares (i.e. Adobe Creative Cloud, Figma) is a plus\nKnowledge and interest in the world of Binance and cryptocurrency is a plus\nBilingual in English would be ideal to be able to coordinate with overseas partners and stakeholders\nWhy Binance\n• Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem\n• Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure\n• Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment\n• Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning\n• Competitive salary and company benefits\n• Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)\n\nBinance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.\nBy submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Candidate Privacy Notice.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba4afa3b13dca36b","title":"Account Executive (UAE)","company":"Orbisk","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ba4afa3b13dca36b","description":"At Orbisk, we’re on a mission to create a world where zero food waste isn’t just a dream—it’s a reality. We combine cutting-edge tech with a sustainability-first mindset to help the hospitality industry make smarter, greener choices. As a proud B-Corp, we’re leading the way in the fight against food waste, and our results speak volumes: over 3,581,508kg of food waste eliminated in 42+ countries (and counting!).\n\nWe don’t just offer technology; we’re a trusted partner to our customers, working alongside them to create lasting change. Through innovation and listening closely to their needs, we’ve built a solution that drives both environmental and business success.\n\nWith our team growing rapidly, we’re looking for an Account Executive to help us build the future—one that’s greener, smarter, and waste-free. Let’s create impact together!\n\nWhat's on the menu?\n\nAs our new Account Executive, you are the growth engine for our expansion across the hospitality and foodservice sectors. You'll take full ownership of the sales cycle, from initial prospecting to closing, for your assigned accounts.\n\nYour week revolves around developing new business with major industry players(think large hotel groups, cruise liners, and global catering companies) often driving expansion after successful Proof of Concepts (POCs). You will build strategic relationships with senior decision-makers (Procurement, F&B Directors, Sustainability) and move deals forward by delivering compelling demos and tailored business cases.\n\nYou are the crucial link, meticulously managing your pipeline in HubSpot for accurate forecasting. Success is built on cross-functional collaboration with our Marketing, Customer Success, and Product teams to ensure a smooth journey from lead to long-term client impact. You will be Orbisk’s expert in the field, turning food waste reduction into a powerful business outcome for our customers.\n\nThe key ingredients for success:\n\nYou have 4+ years of B2B sales experience with full sales cycle responsibility.\n\nA proven track record of selling successfully into hospitality, hotel chains, cruise liners, or large-scale catering.\n\nStrong command of pipeline management and proven closing skills, particularly in complex, multi-stakeholder deals.\n\nExcellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills in English.\n\nBonus ingredients:\n\nExperience in sustainability, food tech, or hospitality solutions.\n\nFamiliarity with SaaS and subscription-based sales models.\n\nAn existing network among regional hotel groups or catering operators.\n\nMulti-lingual skills (Arabic, Turkish, Persian) are an asset.\n\nWhy join Orbisk?\nThere are plenty of good reasons. Some are big—like making a real impact by reducing food waste and cutting CO2 and water footprints worldwide. Others are more personal—joining a fast-growing scale-up is exciting, full of opportunities, and yes, a great story to share. Plus, you’ll be part of a team that’s driven, innovative, and just a little adventurous. And of course, we’ve got some great perks to offer too:\n\n32-40 hour work week in a hybrid office setting.\n\nTo take a break to recharge, we encourage you to take 30 days of annual leave per year (based on full time).\n\nTo ensure you are taken care of, we are offering private health insurance.\n\nEveryone has different needs when it comes to benefits. That’s why we offer you a flexible spending budget monthly flexible spending budget that you can use towards health and wellness.\n\nTo support your learning and growth, we offer an annual personal education budget of 2000 AED. But we also organize additional team learning activities and if needed provide access to career coaches.\n\nAn annual home office budget of 1000 AED is offered, so you can create a nice work from home space, as well as a travel allowance for when you work from home.\n\nWe make sure we regularly organize company activities to connect and have fun with your colleagues."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c01b3dd4e89b5ce6","title":"Social Media Strategy & Branding Executive","company":"MMG Group","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c01b3dd4e89b5ce6","description":"*Job Title:*\n*Social Media Strategy & Branding Executive – E-Commerce (Zoho / Shopify)*\n\n*Department:* Marketing / E-Commerce\n\n*About Us*\n\nWe are a fast-growing e-commerce company dedicated to delivering exceptional products and customer experiences. We’re looking for a *creative, data-driven Social Media Executive* to elevate our brand presence, lead engagement strategies, and align our digital voice with our company’s mission and values.\n\n*Key Responsibilities*\n\n* Develop and execute *social media strategies* that drive brand awareness, engagement, and conversions.\n* Create and manage *contest and campaign strategies* to grow and retain followers.\n* Craft and position content aligned with *brand identity, tone of voice, and target audience.*\n* Monitor *social and cultural trends* to ensure the brand’s voice reflects current conversations authentically.\n* Manage daily posting, scheduling, and engagement across platforms (Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, TikTok).\n* Analyze performance metrics and prepare *weekly/monthly reports* using Zoho Social or similar tools.\n* Collaborate with marketing, design, and e-commerce teams to create unified campaigns that drive traffic and sales.\n* Manage and optimize *Shopify store content*, product listings, and promotions.\n* Use *Zoho CRM and Marketing tools* to track leads, campaigns, and customer engagement.\n\n*Qualifications & Skills*\n\n* *2–4 years* of experience in social media management, preferably within *e-commerce.*\n* Strong understanding of *brand positioning, content strategy, and audience engagement.*\n* *Experience with Zoho (CRM, Social, Campaigns) and Shopify is required.*\n* Excellent *writing, communication, and storytelling* skills.\n* Up-to-date knowledge of *social media algorithms, trends, and analytics.*\n* Creative mindset with strong *visual and copywriting instincts.*\n* Ability to multitask, meet deadlines, and work both independently and collaboratively.\n\n*Nice to Have*\n\n* Experience with *paid advertising (Meta Ads, Google Ads).*\n* Knowledge of *influencer marketing and partnerships.*\n* Basic graphic design or video editing skills (*Canva, Adobe tools, CapCut*).\n\n*What We Offer*\n\n* Competitive salary based on experience\n* Opportunities for *career growth and professional development*\n* A *collaborative, innovative, and inclusive* work environment\n* Flexible schedule and *remote work options*\n\n*How to Apply*\n\nSubmit your *resume*, *portfolio (if available)*, and a brief note describing a *social media campaign or contest* you’ve successfully executed.\n\nJob Type: Full-time\n\nPay: AED4,000.00 - AED4,500.00 per month"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c93591bf42121ce2","title":"I4.0 Solutioning Lead","company":"Capgemini Engineering","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"22 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c93591bf42121ce2","description":"Your Role\n\nWe are seeking a highly experienced and visionary Industry 4.0 SME / Solutioning Lead with over 15 years of experience in IT consulting , digital transformation , and Industry 4.0 technologies. The ideal candidate will possess a strong blend of technical expertise , business acumen , and a solution-oriented mindset to lead strategic engagements and deliver innovative, scalable solutions for our clients.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nClient Advisory & Consulting\n\nLead high-impact consulting engagements focused on Industry 4.0, IoT, and smart manufacturing.\nAdvise C-level stakeholders on digital transformation strategies, technology roadmaps, and ROI-driven initiatives.\n\nSolution Architecture & Design\n\nArchitect end-to-end Industry 4.0 solutions including IoT platforms, edge computing, cloud integration, and data analytics.\nTranslate business requirements into scalable, secure, and future-ready technical solutions.\n\nTechnology Leadership\n\nStay ahead of emerging technologies in AI, ML, digital twins, robotics, and smart factory ecosystems.\nEvaluate and recommend platforms, tools, and frameworks aligned with client needs.\n\nProject Delivery & Governance\n\nOversee the delivery of complex digital transformation projects, ensuring alignment with scope, budget, and timelines.\nDefine KPIs and success metrics to measure business impact and operational efficiency.\n\nInnovation & Thought Leadership\n\nDrive innovation by identifying new use cases and business models enabled by Industry 4.0.\nRepresent the organization at industry forums, webinars, and client workshops.\nProfile\n20+ years of experience in IT consulting, digital transformation, or enterprise technology roles.\nDeep expertise in Industry 4.0 , IoT , smart manufacturing , and cloud-native architectures .\nProven experience in solutioning , technical pre-sales , and enterprise architecture .\nStrong understanding of business processes in manufacturing, logistics, or utilities.\nExcellent communication, stakeholder management, and leadership skills.\nRelevant certifications (e.g., TOGAF, AWS/GCP/Azure Architect, PMP, Six Sigma) are a plus.\n\nWhat You’ll Love About Working Here\nWe recognize the significance of flexible work arrangements to provide support. Be it remote work, or flexible work hours, you will get an environment to maintain healthy work life balance.\nAt the heart of our mission is your career growth. Our array of career growth programs and diverse professions are crafted to support you in exploring a world of opportunities.\nEquip yourself with valuable certifications in the latest technologies"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c9f050b476b8cf78","title":"Full-Cycle Sales Executive UAE - 100% remote - Dubai","company":"Hostaway","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c9f050b476b8cf78","description":"NOTE: This is a FULLY remote role, but the candidate must be based in Dubai to collaborate with their team, peers, and customers. You do not have to be in the specific country or city shown in this listing, but please only apply if you are physically based in Dubai.\n\nHostaway is a SaaS startup that is transforming the vacation rental industry. With innovative solutions and partnerships with giants like Airbnb, VRBO, and Booking, we're taking on the competition and winning. Leveraging our customer-centric core values, we consistently deliver results that encourage growth, learning, and innovation for our team, our customers, and the industry.\n\nAs a profitable and growing company, this role is necessitated by our continued growth. Check out more about our recent funding round of $365 million here.\n\nWe are seeking a highly motivated Full-Cycle Sales Executive to join our team and drive our growth in the UAE market. We’re looking for driven, hungry sales professionals who are keen to make an impact with their work and own the entire sales process from prospecting to closing.\n\nAs a Full-Cycle Sales Executive, you will be responsible for managing the entire sales cycle. You will identify and qualify new business opportunities, conduct compelling product demonstrations, negotiate terms, and close deals to achieve and exceed your sales targets. This role requires a strategic approach to building a robust sales pipeline while also fostering strong relationships with prospective clients to ensure their successful transition to becoming a Hostaway customer.\n\nAbout the role\n\nResearch and identify potential clients and key decision-makers within target industries and accounts in the UAE market.\n\nConduct outbound prospecting activities, including cold calling, email outreach, and social selling, to build a strong pipeline of qualified leads.\n\nEngage with prospects to understand their business needs, challenges, and objectives, and effectively communicate the value proposition of our products/services through personalized demonstrations and presentations.\n\nManage the entire sales process from initial contact to contract negotiation and closing deals.\n\nCollaborate closely with the wider sales team to develop and execute strategic sales plans.\n\nMaintain accurate and up-to-date records of all sales activities and pipeline status in the CRM system.\n\nWork closely with marketing to provide feedback on lead quality and campaign effectiveness, and leverage marketing materials to support sales efforts.\n\nMeet and exceed monthly/quarterly sales quotas and revenue targets.\n\nBuild and maintain strong, long-lasting customer relationships.\n\nProven Full-Cycle Sales Experience: Demonstrable experience in a full-cycle B2B SaaS sales role, with a strong preference for candidates who have specifically sold into the UAE market.\n\nTrack Record of Achievement: A consistent history of meeting and exceeding sales quotas and revenue targets.\n\nEnd-to-End Sales Proficiency: Mastery of the entire sales process, including strong prospecting and cold calling, conducting compelling product demonstrations, effective negotiation, and closing new business.\n\nSelf-Sufficient & Driven: A highly motivated self-starter with a proactive, entrepreneurial mindset who can manage their pipeline and activities with autonomy in a remote environment.\n\nExceptional Communication: Fluent in English (written and verbal) with excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to build rapport and articulate value propositions clearly.\n\nOrganizational Prowess: Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail, with the proven ability to manage multiple opportunities and priorities simultaneously.\n\nTech-Savvy: Proficiency using CRM systems (e.g., HubSpot) for pipeline management and forecasting is required. Experience with sales engagement tools (e.g., Outreach, SalesLoft) is a strong plus.\n\nCollaborative Spirit: A team player with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional departments like Marketing and Customer Success.\n\nWhat we offer\n\nCompetitive Compensation: We offer competitive pay based on market rates in the country of the applicant.\n\n100% Remote: Enjoy the freedom to work from anywhere within your country of residence—be it a co-working space, your home office, or even your dining room table. The choice is yours. Just don’t ask to work in our office (we don’t have one).\n\nEquity: Every role in our company comes with valuable stock options in a fast-growing and profitable company. This ensures we all share in the company’s success.\n\nValues-Driven Leadership: Our Core Values are not just words we’ve written to make us feel good. We leverage them daily when making strategic and tactical decisions.\n\nProfessional Growth: Our rapid growth offers unparalleled learning and development opportunities, along with a multitude of career advancement opportunities.\n\nAnnual Paid Leave: The specific amounts vary by country and are aligned with country and/or contract-specific norms.\n\nGeographic Specific Benefits: As an international employer, we offer different country-specific benefits such as Health Insurance and Pensions in countries where these perks are customary. The specifics depend on the country of the applicant.\n\nDynamic Team Culture: As a global company with team members in over 40 countries, our diverse and international culture fuels our innovation and creativity, providing a key pillar to our success (and making it a lot of fun to work here).\n\nThank you for your interest. If you apply for this role, you will receive an email from our Talent Acquisition team after your application has been reviewed alongside the qualifications for this role and the qualifications of others who have applied."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cfb17271e6c4be7d","title":"Right-Hand CEO (French Fluent)","company":"Paradox","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"4 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=cfb17271e6c4be7d","description":"Wait a minute.\n\nDeep inside you are looking for a new adventure with…\n\nFreedom: feeling free to work remotely or hybrid and being trusted to deliver\n\nAmbition: growing up surrounded by smart colleagues driven to create an iconic brand like Nike\n\nImpact: contributing to transform people lives at scale and feel your own impact in the company\n\nNot just another job. You’re craving intensity. Growth. A real seat at the table. You want to leave your fingerprints on a start up that’s scaling —and help build an iconic brand that changes lives at scale.\n\nIf you want something comfortable, stable, and slow… this is not for you.\n\nDo you love the idea of being the strategic right hand to a high-performance CEO, operating at breakneck speed, and helping scale an ambitious company that’s reinventing how people learn, grow, and lead—Do you want to contribute to impacting the lives of thousands of people?\n\nYES - Then keep reading.\n\nOh, and let’s get one thing straight from the start:\n\nA deep, genuine interest in AI is absolutely non-negotiable.\n\nWe’re obsessed with how AI can enhance productivity, learning, and creativity. If you’re not already experimenting with GPTs, AI tools, and automation stacks for fun… this isn’t your tribe.\n\nThis is a full-time position, carried out from our beautiful offices in Dubai or full-remote from anywhere in the world (with frequent travels to Dubaï).\n\nFrench and English fluency is required.\n\nYOUR MISSION\n\n-\n\nOur sources of inspiration are Apple, Nike, Spotify, Disney for their obsession of excelling, having a worldwide impact and not just selling products but crafting experiences. You will be playing a pivotal role in making Paradox play at that level and becoming an iconic brand.\n\nFor us, being Iconic is to innovate at the intersection of Psychology x Creativity x Technology.\n\nYou’ll be at the heart of Paradox’s growth engine, working hand-in-hand with the CEO to build and scale the systems, team, and operations that power our global ambitions.\n\nTo do so, here are your 5 main responsibilities :\n\n1 | Lead Strategic Projects & CEO Initiatives\n\nFrom growth hacks to operational buildouts, you’ll own entire strategic projects.\n\nThink:\n\nBuilding a cold outreach engine or international brand partnerships\n\nSetting up sponsorships for our YouTube & events\n\nTesting acquisition channels & AI-powered growth playbooks\n\nSourcing elite talent & streamlining HR processes\n\nHelping secure and negotiate deals\n\n2 | Pirate Squad Rapid Experiments & Global Launches\n\nWe move fast, but we want to move even faster. You’ll help drive international launches, MVP tests, and new product initiatives… with autonomy and speed.\n\n3 | Contribute to Strategy & Business Intelligence\n\nMarket research, growth models, biz dev, M&A scouting, dashboards, KPI tracking—you’ll help the CEO & GM make data-backed, high-leverage decisions.\n\n4 | Turn the Company Into a Systematic Growth Machine\n\nDesign workflows, implement automations, and optimize every process. From Airtable to Notion to AI-powered dashboards—you’ll be our internal COO meets Growth Architect.\n\n5 | Be the Internal AI Evangelist\n\nWe want to scale with AI baked into our DNA. You’ll:\n\nChampion new AI tools & use cases\n\nTrain internal teams to adopt AI-first processes\n\nBenchmark AI integrations across content, marketing, ops, product\n\nStay 10 steps ahead on what’s possible\n\nDO YOU RECOGNIZE YOURSELF?\n-\n\nLet’s not waste time. This is not for everyone. We’re looking for someone elite—both in mindset and execution. If this sounds like you, read on:\n\nYou likely come from a top-tier business or engineering school (HEC, ESSEC, X, Sciences Po, Stanford… you get the idea).\n\nYou’ve already built or scaled something—startup, ops team, or growth engine.\n\nYou’re driven with a strong work ethic – you show up with commitment, perseverance, and thrive under pressure.\n\nYou have a true entrepreneurial spirit – you can own projects from scratch, work with limited resources, and get your hands dirty to make things happen.\n\nYou execute relentlessly – a pragmatic problem-solver who thrives on ownership, not hand-holding.\n\nYou’re obsessed with growth – both personal and team-wide – and love learning, building, and optimizing.\n\nYou embrace growth over ego – open to feedback, eager to improve, and driven by progress, not praise.\n\nYou’re analytical, autonomous, and fast, with a natural ability to structure systems and automate for scale.\n\nYou’re tech-savvy and either already AI-native or actively becoming one—AI is your playground.\n\nYou’re naturally persuasive – you love influence, sales, negotiation, and can align others without force.\n\nYou excel in communication, both written and verbal, and tailor your message to your audience.\n\nYou’ll be working directly with a CEO who has extreme work ethic, expects excellence, and gives massive ownership. If that energizes rather than intimidates you, you’re in the right place.\n\nLanguage\n\nEnglish: fluent. You can hold a conversation on specific details with English-speaking colleagues. Our chosen language for written communication is English.\n\nFrench: ideally bilingual.\n\nCurrently, 20% of the team is International, from the cherry blossoms of Japan, the Canadian lakes and to the forest of Madagascar.\n\nIT MIGHT NOT BE FOR YOU\n-\n\nLet’s be clear, we are looking for someone who is not just Great, and for whom Paradox ambition isn’t just another cool project; but a true mission.\n\nSo if those personal interests : personal development / coaching / professional growth / education / edtech / teaching / edutainment are not things you REALLY love, let’s forget it!\n\nLet’s forget about it also if,\n\nYou don’t like to be challenged and grow in your job\n\nYou don't like receiving or giving tough feedbacks\n\nYou don’t question the status quo: the process are there for a reason, we have always done it this way\n\nYou like to have very specific & fixed tasks assigned to you. Be told what to do and how to do it.\n\nYour only driver is joining a full-remote company: yes, our company culture is cool, but we want people to care about our mission, products, and their job!\n\nJOIN US IF YOU CRAVE\n-\nGrowth & Ambition\n\nWe hire only the best, it’s exhilarating to be surrounded by A-players who strive to perform whilst being in a good mood. You'll be working with some of the best minds. We understand that \"A\" people attract \"A\" people.\n\nNo more bosses, but ongoing conversations to support your professional development.\n\n️ Being part of an ambitious company with a lot of growth opportunities\n\nImpact & Meaning\n\nPlaying a crucial role in the development of a company whose content and products are enjoyed by millions of people\nWaking up in the morning knowing you are making a difference: we receive messages every day from clients who have successfully lost weight, quit smoking, reach a mile stone in their business, built better relationships, and made positive changes in their lives.\n\nBut that’s not all, we believe that driven people deserve…\n\nFreedom & Well Being\n\nA company culture based on autonomy & accountability\nFlexible working hours\nA remote culture from day one with the freedom to work from wherever you want\nMagnificent offices in Dubai\nStanding desks paid by the company, if you live far from our offices\nMacbook: to be the most efficient in your work\n350€ per year paid by the company to take care of yourself (for your gym, or dance class or whatever make you feel great)\n150€ per year paid by the company to boost your knowledge (books, education): we are passionate about learning and want to support your growth)\n1:1 coachings: a Paradox coach supporting you personally or professionally to live your best life\nTeam building\n\n* those benefits are only for full-time employees\n\nHIRING PROCESS\n-\n\nThat job description resonated with you?\n\nHere is your tailor made hiring process\n\nA 6 to 8 minutes application survey (with a short video assignment)\n\nA 15–20 minute WhatsApp call with Chloé, our Talent Manager, to tell you more about the challenge and see if it fits your experience and expectations\n\nA video call with Chloé to deep dive into your career path and ambitions\n\nA video call with some C-level of the company to explore your skills and see how we can align your goals with our needs\n\nA culture-fit video call with Timy, our Culture Coach, to assess alignment with our values and mindset\n\nA meeting with our CEO - David, to ensure there is a match between you two.\n\nReference check to understand how you operate across environments and help set you up for a smooth onboarding\n\nWelcome aboard!\n\nAbout our hiring process\n\nOur recruitment process is tailored to do our best to avoid that you or us realize that we’re not a perfect fit. Every step serves a purpose and will allow us to get to know you better as much as it’ll help you understand more where you’ll be stepping in.\n\nWe also want you to have time to ask all of your questions regarding the mission, the long-term vision of your team and the company, our values, with the relevant interlocutor in front of you.\n\nBut maybe YOU WONDER WHAT’S OUR STORY ?\n\n-\n\nAt Paradox, we are convinced that people do not want “just a job” anymore.\n\nWe are all craving to have an impact through our professional journey. Some want to start their own venture, some want to become an intrapreneur in their current organization, some others just want their day-to-day tasks to have more meaning.\n\nPARADOX HAS ONE GOAL: TO EMPOWER PEOPLE AND ORGANIZATIONS TO LIVE THEIR TRUE AMBITIONS.\n\nBut where do we start?\n\nIf you have an interest in personal development, you probably already know that:\n\nMaking things happen is a real struggle when you don’t know what truly inspires you and how to get there ;\n\nAvailable resources are either boring or full of crazy unsubstantiated theories .\n\nIt needs to change, and we’re here to make it happen!\n\n️ OUR AMBITION IS TO MAKE SUCCESS THE ONLY POSSIBLE OUTCOME FOR OUR CLIENTS (WHATEVER SUCCESS MEANS FOR THEM), BY CRAFTING INNOVATIVE & CAPTIVATING BREAKTHROUGH EXPERIENCES.\n\nIn other words, we want to make personal growth as entertaining as watching Netflix.\n\nHow, you might be wondering?\n\nWe travel the world and surround ourselves with top entrepreneurs (Richard Branson - Founder of Virgin, Marc Simoncini - Founder of Meeting, Fred Mazzella - Founder of BlablaCar), world athletes (Tony Parker - Hall of fame NBA Player, Frederick Bousquet - World record in 50m free swimming, Frank Leboeuf - WorldCup Footballer), and artists (Gad Elmaleh - Comedian, Franck Dubosc, Barry Osborne - Producer of Lord of the Rings and Matrix) ;\n\nWe reverse engineer their strategies for achieving success and fulfillment and lean on the latest researches about neurosciences ;\n\nWe deliver trainings & educational contents around Power Skills (critical thinking, productivity, leadership, public speaking, coaching, stress management, etc.), self-growth and performance, through a balanced set of e-learning programs, events and edutainment videos .\n\nFrom one well-known Founder to a team of +40 people today (and counting!), this approach has paid off and enabled us to exceed 2 million followers on social networks, and to have thousands of people attending our online events and training courses.\n\nTOGETHER, WE ARE DRIVEN BY ONE DREAM:\n\nHelping 100 000 people achieve their dream and display their pictures on what we call the “100 000 dreams wall” ;\n\nGiving our clients access to constant personal growth by reinventing their learning experience ;\n\nLeverage AI and other technology to provide an outstanding customized experience to millions of people for them to transform their lives.\n\nAnd that’s where you come in. Join the Paradox Revolution !"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d00ed329a9c1f7ad","title":"Growth Lead - Retention Focus","company":"Washmen","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"14 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d00ed329a9c1f7ad","description":"Position Overview\nWe are seeking a high-performing Growth Lead to drive customer retention and lifecycle initiatives. This hands-on individual contributor role sits one level below the Growth Director and focuses on executing retention strategies, running experiments, and directly contributing to customer lifetime value growth.You'll work closely with the Growth Director to implement the retention roadmap and collaborate cross-functionally to drive measurable business impact.\n\nCore Responsibilities\n\nHands-On Campaign Execution & Optimization\nThis is a player role - you'll personally execute retention campaigns from start to finish\nDesign and build customer lifecycle campaigns including onboarding, activation, and win-back flowsWork with copy team for campaign messaging, design email sequences, and create in-app messaging flows\nSet up and configure marketing automation workflows in CRM platforms\nLaunch campaigns, monitor real-time performance, and make adjustments to improve results\nTroubleshoot technical issues with campaign delivery and tracking independentlyManage multi-channel retention campaigns across email, SMS, push, and in-appMaintain campaign calendars and ensure proper sequencing of communications\nDocument campaign performance and create post-mortems with learnings\n\nRetention Strategy & Experimentation\nLead retention-focused experiments across all channels to improve key metrics\nDesign and execute A/B tests with hypothesis-driven test plans\nAnalyze results, determine winners, and implement learnings into production campaigns\nOptimize customer segmentation strategies for personalized retention efforts\nTest messaging, timing, and channel combinations to maximize engagement\nBuild and manage re-engagement campaigns for at-risk customer segments\nContribute ideas to the overall retention strategy and roadmap\n\nData Analysis & Insights\nPersonally write SQL queries to pull and analyze customer behavior data\nMonitor key retention metrics: churn rate, repeat purchase rate, and customer lifetime value\nBuild dashboards and reports to track campaign performance and retention trends\nConduct cohort analysis to identify patterns in customer retention and churn\nAnalyze customer journey data to identify drop-off points and opportunities\nPresent findings and recommendations to the Growth Director and cross-functional teams\nUse data to prioritize retention initiatives and track ROI\n\nCross-Functional Collaboration\nPartner with CRM Lead to execute campaigns aligned with brand guidelines\nWork with Data Analysts to access customer data and build segments\nCollaborate with Product teams to understand user behavior and feature adoption\nSupport Customer Success initiatives with targeted retention communications\nCoordinate with Marketing and Operations teams on messaging consistency and service delivery\nShare learnings and best practices across the broader growth organization\n\nRequired Qualification\n\nEducation & Experience\nBachelor's degree in Marketing, Business, Data Analytics, Engineering, or related field\n6-10 years of experience in growth marketing, retention marketing, or lifecycle marketing\nProven track record of executing successful retention campaigns that improved key metrics\nExperience with on-demand services, marketplace, or subscription-based business models preferred\nDemonstrated ability to work autonomously and drive projects to completion\n\nTechnical Skills\nStrong proficiency in SQL for data extraction and analysisHands-on experience with marketing automation platforms (Braze, CleverTap, Customer.io, or similar)\nWorking knowledge of analytics tools (Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Amplitude)Experience with A/B testing platforms and statistical analysis\nProficiency in Excel/Google Sheets for data analysis and reportingComfortable with customer segmentation and cohort analysis techniques\nBasic understanding of APIs and data integration concepts\n\nCore Competencies & Execution Requirements\nExecution-focused mindset - you get things done quickly and efficiently without hand-holding\nStrong analytical abilities with comfort working with large datasets\nCreative problem-solver who identifies retention opportunities from dataSelf-starter who thrives with autonomy and minimal supervision\nAbility to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize effectively\nCustomer-centric mindset with empathy for user experience\nComfortable with ambiguity and fast-paced startup environments\nYou personally write SQL queries, build campaigns, analyze test results, and troubleshoot technical issues\n\nPreferred Qualifications\nExperience with customer data platforms (CDPs)Experience with machine learning applications in customer retention\nExperience in MENA market or emerging markets\nPrevious exposure to laundry, delivery, or on-demand service businesses\nKnowledge of customer psychology and behavioral economics\nExperience with customer research methodologies and VoC programs\nBackground in CRM strategy or email marketing leadership\nExperience working in high-growth startups or scale-ups\n\nWhat We Offer\nCompetitive salary based on experience\nWork directly with senior leadership (Growth Director, VP of Growth, CEO)\nExposure to all aspects of growth marketing and retention strategy\nProfessional development in data analysis, experimentation, and lifecycle marketing,Comprehensive health benefits\nFlexible work arrangements (40 days remote work)Sign-in bonus for 2 years\n\nCareer Path\nReports directly to the Growth Director as a high-impact individual contributor with potential to grow into team leadership. Success in this role can lead to:Senior Growth Lead with expanded scope\nTeam leadership opportunities as the growth function scales\nPotential progression to Director roles\nCross-functional opportunities in Product, Marketing, or Analytics\n\nDay-to-Day Reality\nMorning: Review overnight campaign performance, pull SQL queries to analyze results\nMid-day: Build and QA new email sequences in CRM platform, meet with Data Analyst on segmentation\nAfternoon: Sync with CRM lead on campaigns, analyze A/B test results from experiments\nEnd of day: Present cohort analysis findings to Growth Director, update retention dashboard\n\nThis isn't a role where you delegate work - you do the work. You're in the tools daily, running queries, building campaigns, analyzing data, and shipping improvements. If you love being hands-on and seeing direct impact from your efforts, this role is for you.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d94148d77c619f09","title":"Account Manager, Senior","company":"Infor","location":"{\"city\":\"Remote\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Remote\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Remote\",\"latitude\":25,\"longitude\":-40,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":true,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"9 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d94148d77c619f09","description":"General information\nCountry\nUnited Arab Emirates\nCity\nRemote Location\nJob ID\n46117\nDepartment\nSales\nDescription & Requirements\n\nInfor is seeking a dynamic and results-driven Enterprise Account Manager (individual contributor) to drive the adoption of Infor ERP solutions and innovations, including AI technology, Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Data Analytics, and Process Automation, within the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabian market. This role is pivotal to our SaaS business strategy, focusing on delivering measurable business value to customers while working cross-functionally within Infor's organization and leveraging partner ecosystems when needed.\n\nThe Enterprise Account Manager will own the entire sales process, from pipeline generation to deal closure, ensuring strict adherence to Infor methodologies and tools, including MEDDPICC and Salesforce.\n\nA Day in The Life Typically Includes:\n\nOwnership & Accountability:\n\nLead the full sales cycle for Infor ERP and SaaS solutions.\nTake responsibility for pipeline development, forecasting, and deal progression using Salesforce and MEDDPICC methodologies.\nDrive accountability for achieving and exceeding revenue targets.\n\nCustomer Engagement:\n\nBuild strong relationships with key stakeholders, including executives in family conglomerates and large enterprises within the UAE and KSA.\nEffectively articulate the business value of Infor solutions, aligning them with customer challenges and goals.\nConduct high-impact customer presentations and facilitate solution workshops.\n\nCross-functional Collaboration - Work closely with internal teams, including:\n\nSolutions Consulting: Collaborate to tailor demonstrations and proof-of-concept activities.\nSolution Delivery: Align expectations for seamless implementations.\nMarketing: Develop and execute account-specific campaigns.\nBDRs (Business Development Representatives): Ensure consistent lead generation and qualification.\n\nPartner Ecosystem Management:\n\nEngage with and leverage channel partners for extended reach in accounts, ensuring alignment with Infor's go-to-market strategy.\nMaintain ownership of the sales process, even when partners are involved.\n\nSaaS Sales Excellence:\n\nFocus exclusively on selling SaaS solutions, driving subscriptions and renewals.\nStay updated on cloud and SaaS trends, incorporating them into customer conversations.\n\nMethodology & Tools Compliance:\n\nAdhere to Infor's structured sales methodologies, including MEDDPICC, for effective opportunity qualification and progression.\nUtilize Salesforce and other tools for pipeline management and reporting with high accuracy and diligence.\n\nQualifications & Experience:\n\nExperience in SaaS sales is mandatory; exposure to ERP; as well as understanding of AI, RPA, Data Analytics, or Process Automation would highly desirable.\nFamiliarity with working with family conglomerates in the Saudi Arabian market is an advantage.\nTechnical Knowledge: Understanding of ERP ecosystems, cloud technologies, and business process automation.\nAbility to grasp complex solutions and translate technical capabilities into business benefits.\nMethodology: Expertise in MEDDPICC or similar sales methodologies is preferred.\n\nKey Competencies:\n\nCustomer Focus: Exceptional ability to understand customer needs and drive conversations that emphasize business value.\nCollaboration: Skilled in working cross-functionally and fostering partnerships with both internal teams and external partners.\nAccountability: Strong ownership mindset, ensuring consistent follow-through and delivery.\nCommunication: Excellent presentation, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.\nAdaptability: Ability to navigate complex sales cycles within culturally diverse environments, particularly in the Saudi Arabian market.\n\nOther Requirements:\n\nLanguage: Fluency in English is required; Arabic proficiency is a strong advantage.\nTravel: Willingness to travel extensively within Saudi Arabia for client and partner meetings.\nTools: Proficient in Salesforce and other CRM/sales tools.\n\nAbout Infor\n\nInfor is where ambition meets impact. Join a global community of bold thinkers and innovators, where your expertise doesn’t just solve problems. it shapes industries, unlocks opportunities, and creates real-world impact for billions of people. At Infor, you’re not just building a career. you’re helping to build what’s next.\n\nInfor is a global leader in business cloud software products for companies in industry specific markets. Infor builds complete industry suites in the cloud and efficiently deploys technology that puts the user experience first, leverages data science, and integrates easily into existing systems. Over 60,000 organizations worldwide rely on Infor to help overcome market disruptions and achieve business-wide digital transformation.\n\nFor more information visit www.infor.com\n\nOur Values\n\nAt Infor, we strive for an environment that is founded on a business philosophy called Principle Based Management™ (PBM™) and eight Guiding Principles: integrity, stewardship & compliance, transformation, principled entrepreneurship, knowledge, humility, respect, self-actualization.\n\nWe have a relentless commitment to a culture based on PBM™. Informed by the principles that allow a free and open society to flourish, PBM™ prepares individuals to innovate, improve, and transform while fostering a healthy, growing organization that creates long-term value for its clients and supporters and fulfillment for its employees.\n\nInfor is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work environment. Infor does not discriminate against candidates or employees because of their sex, race, gender identity, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, veteran status, or any other protected status under the law. If you require accommodation or assistance at any time during the application or selection processes, please submit a request by following the directions located in the FAQ section.\n\nFraud Awareness\n\nWe have been made aware of unauthorized individuals posing as Infor recruiters, including some who have made fraudulent offers of employment. Please read our guidelines and protect yourself from recruitment scams.\n\nFraud Privacy Policy\n\nWe value your privacy at Infor. You may access our privacy policy here."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0f713e1d3bbaa82","title":"Commissioned Sales Representative - APAC Region (Remote)","company":"MonetizeMore","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e0f713e1d3bbaa82","description":"About Monetize More\n\nMonetize More is a leading ad-tech company dedicated to empowering digital publishers to maximize their ad revenue through innovative technology and strategic partnerships. Our cutting-edge platform optimizes ad layouts, leverages header bidding, and integrates advanced analytics to drive superior results for publishers worldwide. Headquartered in Canada with a strong presence in the APAC region, we’re looking for a dynamic Commissioned Sales Representative to join our high-performing team and help publishers thrive in the digital advertising ecosystem.\n\nJob Overview\n\nAs a Commissioned Sales Representative at Monetize More, you will be the face of our brand in the APAC region, driving new business by identifying, engaging, and converting publisher leads into long-term clients. This role starts as a commission-only position, offering uncapped earning potential for high performers. Upon consistently meeting sales targets, you will transition to a competitive fixed salary plus commission structure, rewarding your success with stability and growth opportunities.\n\nKey Responsibilities\nLead Generation and Prospecting: Identify and target high-potential publishers in the APAC region through research, networking, and industry events.\nClient Engagement: Build and maintain strong relationships with publishers, understanding their needs and presenting tailored ad-tech solutions from Monetize More.\nSales Conversion: Drive the full sales cycle from initial outreach to closing deals, leveraging product demos, proposals, and negotiations to secure partnerships.\nMarket Representation: Represent Monetize More at industry conferences, webinars, and networking events, establishing the company as a trusted leader in ad-tech.\nCollaboration: Work closely with the account management and technical teams to ensure seamless onboarding and optimization for new clients.\nReporting and Analytics: Track sales performance using CRM tools, providing regular updates on pipeline progress and market insights to leadership.\nMarket Intelligence: Stay informed on APAC ad-tech trends, competitor offerings, and publisher needs to refine sales strategies.\nQualifications\nExperience: 2+ years of B2B sales experience, preferably in ad-tech, digital advertising, or SaaS industries.\nIndustry Knowledge: Familiarity with digital advertising concepts such as header bidding, programmatic advertising, ad optimization, and publisher monetization.\nSkills:\nProven ability to generate and close leads in a competitive market.\nExcellent communication, negotiation, and presentation skills.\nProficiency with CRM tools (e.g., Salesforce, HubSpot) and sales analytics.\nSelf-motivated with a strong drive to succeed in a commission-based environment.\nRegional Expertise: Understanding of the APAC digital publishing landscape, with fluency in English and preferably one additional APAC language (e.g., Mandarin, Japanese, Hindi, Arabic).\nEducation: Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing, or a related field (preferred but not mandatory).\nCompensation Structure\n0–$10,000 Monthly Revenue: 10% commission.\n$10,001–$25,000 Monthly Revenue: 12% commission.\n$25,001–$50,000 Monthly Revenue: 15% commission.\n$50,001+ Monthly Revenue: 18% commission.\nNote: Commissions are calculated based on the revenue generated from new client acquisitions and are paid monthly.\n\nApplication Challenge\nTo skip the line: Please submit a 1-2 muinutes video where you pitch why a competitor’s client should switch to MonetizeMore. Highlight:\n1. One weakness in the competitor’s current ad-tech setup\n2. How MonetizeMore’s solution solves that weakness\n3. Your 30-day plan to start delivering value to the client\nWhy Join Monetize More?\nInnovative Environment: Work with a leading ad-tech platform that empowers publishers to succeed.\nUncapped Earnings: Maximize your income through a lucrative commission structure designed for high performers.\nCareer Growth: Transition to a salaried role with opportunities to advance into leadership positions.\nImpactful Work: Help publishers in the APAC region unlock their full revenue potential with cutting-edge technology.\nTeam Culture: Join a passionate, collaborative team with a global presence and a commitment to excellence.\nJWD4uvBbNW"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e2e59b7c0e8a5604","title":"Creative Director - Brand Video Content","company":"Binance","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e2e59b7c0e8a5604","description":"Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by over 280 million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.\n\nWe’re looking for a Creative Director to lead the end-to-end storytelling and creative development of branded video content that positions Binance as the most trusted, engaging, and culturally relevant voice in crypto and Web3. From shortform insights to longform explainers, interviews, and campaign-led storytelling, you’ll shape the content we create and how we bring it to life visually. This is a hands-on creative leadership role for someone who can blend editorial sharpness with creative direction, managing multidisciplinary teams and external partners to produce bold, smart, and impactful video. You’ll collaborate closely with writers, art directors, motion designers, agencies and producers—driving clarity of message and consistency of look, tone, and feel across every format.\nResponsibilities\nCreative & Editorial Direction:\nLead the creative development of branded video content—from concept and scripting to visual execution.\nDefine editorial themes, narrative frameworks, and creative treatments across short, mid, and longform video formats.\nEnsure alignment between messaging, tone, and brand visual identity across all outputs.\n\nCross-Functional Collaboration:\nPartner with writers, designers, and motion teams to bring ideas to life with clarity and flair.\nCollaborate with producers, product marketing, comms, and regional teams to ensure strategic and cultural relevance.\nWork with external production partners, creators, and agencies to scale execution globally.\n\nInnovation & Creative Growth:\nChampion new storytelling formats and platform-first thinking.\nExplore the integration of 3D motion, AI-driven content workflows, and emerging creative tools.\nContinuously refine the creative process to balance velocity, quality, and strategic impact.\n\nTeam Leadership & Quality Control:\nWork with a lean team of writers and creatives working across formats.\nMaintain high standards of storytelling, design, and brand expression across every content tier.\nGuide the development of scripts, storyboards, treatments, and post-production outputs.\n\nRequirements\n10+ years in creative or content leadership roles—across brand storytelling, editorial, or digital video.\nStrong writing or content strategy background, with a sharp eye for narrative structure and messaging.\nProven experience in leading creative teams and overseeing high-quality, multi-format content.\nConfident working across both verbal and visual creative development—from first idea to final edit.\nComfortable collaborating with production, editorial, and motion design functions.\nExperience in crypto, fintech, or other technically complex sectors is a plus.\nFamiliarity with 3D/motion and AI-enhanced storytelling workflows is highly desirable.\nWhy Binance\n• Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem\n• Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure\n• Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment\n• Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning\n• Competitive salary and company benefits\n• Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)\n\nBinance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.\nBy submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Candidate Privacy Notice.\n\nWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e79342f9fd98fb41","title":"Remote AI-Powered Video Editor & Motion Graphics Artist","company":"OORT FZCO","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"6 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e79342f9fd98fb41","description":"*Oort* is seeking a highly skilled and innovative *Video Editor & Motion Graphics (AI-Proficient) *to join our team. We specialize in cutting-edge visual experiences, immersive content, and cinematic brand storytelling.\n\nThis role requires an expert who not only possesses mastery over traditional editing and design tools but also has significant experience and a passion for leveraging Artificial Intelligence in filmmaking, graphics, and animation to push creative boundaries.\n\nKey Responsibilities:\n\n* *AI Integration:* Expertly utilize AI tools (e.g., runwayML, Midjourney video features, specialized AI plugins) to enhance, generate, and accelerate film, animation, and graphic production workflows.\n* *Cinematic Editing:* Execute high-quality video editing, color correction, and sound design for client projects, ensuring a cohesive and compelling narrative flow.\n* *Motion Graphics & Animation:* Design and animate complex motion graphics, kinetic typography, and visual effects (VFX) that align with the agency's premium, immersive aesthetic.\n* *Creative Collaboration:* Work closely with the creative director to translate abstract concepts into production-ready visual solutions.\n* *Quality Control:* Maintain high standards of delivery, ensuring all final assets are technically flawless and brand-aligned.\n\nRequired Skills & Expertise:\n\n* *AI Filmmaking/Graphics:* Proven portfolio demonstrating the use of AI in professional film, motion graphics, or visual projects.\n* *Video Editing Mastery:* Strong sense of pace, rhythm, and visual storytelling.\n* *Graphics & Animation:* Expert-level knowledge of animation principles and graphic design fundamentals.\n* *Remote Work Proficiency:* Highly organized, self-motivated, and capable of managing deadlines independently in a fully remote setting.\n\nRequired Tools Efficiency (Must-Haves):\n\n* *Adobe After Effects* (Expert level)\n* *Adobe Premiere Pro* (or equivalent, e.g., DaVinci Resolve)\n* *Adobe Photoshop*\n* *Adobe Illustrator*\n* *Filmora* (Familiarity with Filmora is a bonus, but priority is on high-end tools like After Effects/Premiere)\n\nWhat We Offer:\n\n* A fully remote position offering flexible work arrangements.\n* The opportunity to work on highly innovative and immersive projects with top-tier clients.\n* A collaborative and cutting-edge creative environment.\n\n*How to Apply:*\n\nPlease submit your resume and a link to your *portfolio/reel* that specifically highlights your strongest editing and *AI-powered creative work*. Applications without a relevant portfolio will not be considered.\n\nJob Types: Full-time, Part-time\n\nPay: AED25.00 - AED29.33 per hour\n\nExpected hours: No more than 45 per week"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e8d98a074efed0d2","title":"Arabic Editor","company":"Arabiio Star Social Media Marketing LLC","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=e8d98a074efed0d2","description":"*Job Title:* Arabic Video Editor\n*Location:* Dubai Silicon Oasis, UAE (Hybrid/On-site)\n*Job Type:* Full-time\n*Department:* Content Production\n*Language Requirement:* Fluent in Arabic & English\n\n*About Arabiio Studio*\n\nArabiio is a content-driven performance marketing company based in Dubai. We specialize in crafting scroll-stopping videos, brand storytelling, social media strategy, and turnkey podcast production for startups, SMEs, and enterprise brands. Our team blends creativity with conversion — and we’re expanding fast.\n\n*Job Overview*\n\nWe’re looking for a talented *Arabic Video Editor* to join our fast-paced creative team. If you live and breathe storytelling, know how to turn raw footage into digital gold, and can edit content that not only looks stunning but also performs — we want you on board. Your core responsibility will be editing video content for Arabic-speaking audiences across platforms like Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Snapchat, and Meta.\n\n*Key Responsibilities*\n\n* Edit short-form and long-form videos in *Modern Standard Arabic and Gulf dialect* where needed.\n* Add Arabic subtitles, captions, and on-screen text creatively and accurately.\n* Edit UGC, branded videos, ads, reels, and podcast snippets for multiple platforms.\n* Collaborate with our creative leads, DOPs, and social media managers to ensure brand alignment.\n* Color correct, sound mix, and finalize videos for multi-platform use.\n* Organize, manage, and maintain video assets and templates.\n* Maintain quick turnaround without compromising quality.\n* Stay updated on social platform trends and editing styles popular with Arabic-speaking audiences.\n\n*Must-Have Skills*\n\n* Proficiency in *Premiere Pro* (and optionally After Effects, CapCut, or DaVinci Resolve)\n* Native-level fluency in Arabic (reading, writing, and listening)\n* Strong command over English\n* Deep understanding of pacing, visual rhythm, and platform-specific styles\n* Excellent attention to detail in subtitles, translations, and on-screen copy\n* Familiarity with popular social formats and viral content\n* Strong portfolio showcasing Arabic edits across formats\n\n*Nice-to-Have*\n\n* Experience editing for healthcare, luxury, or government brands\n* Motion graphics/animation skills\n* Experience in performance marketing edits (Facebook/Meta & TikTok ads)\n* Voice-over syncing skills in Arabic\n\n*Why Join Arabiio?*\n\n* Work with high-growth brands in Dubai & the GCC\n* Creative freedom with a results-first mindset\n* Energetic, collaborative team environment\n* Opportunity to grow into Lead Arabic Editor or Localization Specialist role\n* Studio-based shoots + remote-friendly editing workflow\n\nJob Type: Part-time"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ef3b696f09b84df5","title":"Marketing Manager","company":"Careem","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"3 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ef3b696f09b84df5","description":"Careem is building the Everything App for the greater Middle East, making it easier than ever to move around, order food and groceries, manage payments, and more. Careem is led by a powerful purpose to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Since 2012, Careem has created earnings for over 2.5 million Captains, simplified the lives of over 70 million customers, and built a platform for the region’s best talent to thrive and for entrepreneurs to scale their businesses. Careem operates in over 70 cities across 10 countries, from Morocco to Pakistan.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nWe are looking for a highly motivated Marketing Manager to drive brand awareness, customer acquisition, and engagement for our food delivery business in the UAE. This role requires a strategic thinker who can execute impactful marketing campaigns, optimize user journeys, and collaborate cross-functionally with commercial, growth and creative teams.\n\nWhat you'll do\n\nPlanning & Execution\nDevelop and execute the monthly and quarterly marketing calendar aligned with the overall business strategy.\nLead the ideation and execution of innovative marketing campaigns across in app, digital and offline channels.\nWork closely with growth marketing and commercial team to build segmented demand generating campaigns. Work alongside Product and Growth teams on new launches and feature promotions within the Careem Super App.\nTrack and manage marketing budgets, ensuring efficient allocation and performance-driven decision-making.\nCampaigns & Content Creation\nWork closely with the creative team to develop compelling content and assets for all campaigns.\nOwn and manage the customer communication plan and CRM processes to optimize engagement and retention.\nLead restaurant marketing initiatives, collaborating with account managers and commercial teams to enhance merchant visibility.\nTeam Leadership & Cross-functional Collaboration\nManage, grow, and lead a team of marketing executives, fostering a high-performance culture.\nCollaborate with commercial, brand, product, and external agency teams to ensure seamless execution of marketing initiatives.\n\nWhat you'll need\n\n3–5 years of experience in marketing, ideally in tech, food delivery, or start-up environments.\nStrong problem-solving skills with a hands-on approach to navigating complex operational environments.\nProven ability to manage multiple projects while meeting tight deadlines in a fast-paced setting.\nExperience in budget management, including forecasting, reporting, and optimizing marketing spend.\nStrong leadership and mentoring skills, with the ability to develop and inspire a team.\nTrack record of creating and executing innovative marketing campaigns while effectively communicating a compelling vision.\nConfident, outgoing personality with a natural ability to coach and influence others.\nTech-savvy with strong digital literacy and proficiency in marketing tools and software.\nPrevious experience in a technology-driven or start-up environment is highly desirable.\n\nIf you're passionate about food tech, growth marketing, and creating exceptional customer experiences, we'd love to hear from you!   \n\nWhat we’ll provide you\nWe offer colleagues the opportunity to drive impact in the region while they learn and grow. As a full time Careem colleague, you will be able to:\nWork and learn from great minds by joining a community of inspiring colleagues.\nPut your passion to work in a purposeful organisation dedicated to creating impact in a region with a lot of untapped potential.\nExplore new opportunities to learn and grow every day.\nWork 4 days a week in office & 1 day from home, and remotely from any country in the world for 30 days a year with unlimited vacation days per year. (If you are in an individual contributor role in tech, you will have 2 office days a week and 3 to work from home.)\nAccess to healthcare benefits and fitness reimbursements for health activities including gym, health club, and training classes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ef62b661c54499ea","title":"Unified Professional Services Engineer & Project Manager with Extreme Networks Experience","company":"Extreme Networks","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=ef62b661c54499ea","description":"Unified Professional Services Engineer & Project Manager\n*Experience with Extreme Networks Products is a must for this role specifically Extreme Fabric is highly desirable.\n\nOver 50,000 customers globally trust our end-to-end, cloud-driven networking solutions and rely on our top-rated services and support to accelerate their digital transformation efforts and deliver progress like never before and with double digit growth year over year, no provider is better positioned to deliver better outcomes on scale, than Extreme.\n\nCome become part of something big with us! We are a global leader, with hubs in Europe, North America, South America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East.\n\nThe Resident Engineer and Project Manager is a hybrid role that combines deep technical expertise with strategic customer engagement. This role is primarily focused on delivering high-quality professional services implementations across networking technologies, while also supporting customer success initiatives to ensure satisfaction, retention, and long-term value. As implementation is completed and moved into production, the primary function will be as resident engineer supporting customer network, day to day as well as change management.\nProfessional Services Responsibilities:\nProject Implementation and management 75% (Year 1)\nAssist Sales with scoping projects and define Professional Services deliverables.\nProvide project implementation support onsite and remote.\nResponsible for creation and maintaining project documentation during implementation.\nResponsible as technical lead and trusted advisor to the customer during implementation.\nResponsible as liaison between sales and customers during implementation.\nWork with Extreme partners and sales staff to implement the Extreme solution that was sold.\nMust maintain excellent knowledge of all Extreme product suites.\nCoach and mentor other members of Professional Services and Professional Service’s partners.\nAbility to escalate any customer issues to management in a timely manner.\nAssist management and Product Management with estimating Professional Services engagements.\nOccasionally present Professional Services offers/ability to customers.\nPremier Resident Engineer Responsibilities:\nAccount support: 85% (Year 2)\nProvide day-to-day operations, consulting, change-management support to the assigned customer.\nCoordinate as the focal point for all post-sales account-related technical activities with Premier Success Manager (PSM), Sales Teams, GTAC, Professional Services, Cloud Services and every part of Extreme's vast Support organization.\nProactively engage customers for requirements relating to product enhancements that would improve product serviceability and usability. Work closely with the appropriate Engineering organization to ensure clear understanding and implementation of approved enhancements and creation of feature requests for enhancements are given to product management.\nProvide support for quarterly reviews to the PSM and Account team.\nUtilize Extreme’s SFDC reporting capabilities for product trend analysis for early awareness of issues.\nProvide on-site or remote presence during critical or high-visibility engagements, project managing account recovery activities while delivering the appropriate ongoing status and postmortem documentation.\nWork with and provide daily guidance as needed to Extreme GTAC and HW/SW engineers assigned to work issues reported by the assigned customer base.\nRespond promptly to customer needs, providing value added services where applicable.\nSupport the PSM to accurate documentation of customer’s Extreme network, and associated information is current and available for customer support to access and streamline the issue resolution process.\nMonitor, review and track all support cases. Maintain tracking documents and monitor for negative trends taking appropriate actions such as notification/engagement of technical support management team and product quality.\nProvide proactive administration of the customers’ environment: Review cases and conduct early trend indicator analysis, review logs, Field Notices, EOL, EOS, etc.\nProactively engage customer requirements relating to product enhancements that would improve product serviceability and usability. Represent/present the customer requirement to the appropriate Engineering organization to ensure clear understanding and implementation of approved enhancements.\nDemo and provide on-going training and assistance on our Extreme Platform ONE software package.\nRevenue Generating Service Projects: 15%, (reduced to 5% after 1st year )\nWork closely with the customer to ensure customer satisfaction of all professional services account engagements.\nSupport the sales team on pre-sales activities such as customer escalations/troubleshooting, customer demonstrations, lab set-up, training/knowledge transfer, sales calls – travel when essential.\nProactively engage the sales team to create awareness of new product and solution offerings and first-hand account knowledge of future customer growth requirements.\nSupport post sales services engagements such as installations and assessments.\nDevelop relationships with customers where new product services can be suggested and accordingly passed along to the sales team for potential new sales opportunities.\nKnowledge Growth and Transfer: 10%\nMentor and coach co-workers and peers. Share valuable knowledge openly.\nDevelop and maintain Extreme customer operation procedures documentation.\nMaintains current industry trends, competition, and technical and product knowledge with respect to its value to Extreme customers.\nSports, Venues and Entertainment Accounts Only\nCoordinate Extreme Validated Configurations (EVC) documentation and present to the customer ensuring their networks are consistently optimized to the environment.\nCoordinate and/or provide product training.\nProvide gameday or event support as needed.\nProvide and interrupt post event analytics if subscribed.\nOther duties as assigned: 5%\nTravel and Normal Work Hours will be:\nMonday through Friday – Typical\nWeekends or overnight hours may occasionally be required for exceptional customer needs or critical support situations\nCandidate must be available for critical customer issues nights and weekends\nOccasional maintenance window support at night or weekend\nMay be required to work at customer site full or part time\nLocation Required:\nPrimarily based in Dubai – UAE\nMay be required to support the business in other EMEA locations.\nRequirements:\nFluent in English language to a high technical standard.\nOther languages skills are an advantage.\nExpert in networking technologies with industry and regional knowledge and experience. (6 or more years’ experience)\nThorough knowledge of security design features and ability to implement and perform analysis of network and systems security design. (4 or more years’ experience)\nMust have strong skills in troubleshooting and problem resolution in a network environment.\nKeen ability to understand and analyze customer requirements and position the Extreme solution effectively.\nAbility to effectively implement Extreme products and solutions in a mission critical environment within a scheduled downtime or with no downtime.\nDemonstrated ability to manage complex customer interactions in difficult circumstances and control customer expectations in order to maintain satisfied customers.\nExcellent inter-personal, technical presentation and communications skills.\nProven team player.\nAbility and Willingness to travel.\nWillingness to work out of hours when required.\nMust be self-motivated and have the ability to work with minimal supervision.\nExcellent time management skills.\nDesired Skills / Experience:\nB.S. in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience.\nNetwork Certifications desired (i.e. CCNA, CISSP, CCIE, CWTS/CWNA, etc.).\nWindows Administration Skills (Average Level).\nLinux Administration Skills (Average Level).\nKnowledge on Application behavior and Application visibility.\nBasic Project Management skills.\nIn-depth knowledge of some or all of the following Extreme technologies is a plus:\nExtreme Switching and Routing.\nExtreme Campus Fabric.\nExtreme Data Center solutions.\nExtreme Network Management (XMC)/Extreme Site Engine (XIQ-SE).\nNetwork Access Control (NAC).\nWireless; Extreme Wireless. Cloud Wireless and/or Extreme WiNG.\nExtreme Workflow Composer/Stackstorm.\nScripting/Workflows.\nPython.\nExpert level knowledge of:\nAll Layer 2 technologies.\nLayer 3 technologies, especially OSPF and BGP.\nExtreme Networks Culture:\nTeamwork: The strength of a team is more powerful than an individual. We work together to drive improved performance. We pull our weight, give others credit for success, push peers to raise their game and celebrate winning as a team!\nTransparency: Each of us has a unique view about what is happening, helping or hurting our performance. We can’t change what we can’t see.We must know what’s really going on, Knowledge is Power. So, we share what we see and what is happening, not assuming others know what we know. We shine a light on it.\nCandor: We keep it real and embrace difficult conversations in a constructive way. Being honest in all our communication isn’t easy. No sugarcoating and no elephants in the room, being respectful but telling the truth.\nCuriosity: Why do we win? Why do we lose? How can we do better? Where should we invest? Asking questions, committing to learn more, looking for best practices, that’s the Extreme way. Being smarter than the competition. Higher intelligence drives higher performance.\nOwnership: It’s our company. We have skin in the game. We invest the time and energy to make the changes that get the best outcomes for our customers, shareholders and ourselves. We are accountable.\nInclusion: By challenging dominant voices to listen and non-dominant voices to speak up, we gain valuable perspective that drives better decision making. By fostering diversity regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age or religion, we get that perspective and make more intelligent decisions that drive better business outcomes."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f031030f6a4b7a1e","title":"Account Development Executive, SevenRooms Powered by DoorDash","company":"","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"2 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f031030f6a4b7a1e","description":"About the Team\n\nThe SMB Sales team at SevenRooms is on a mission to reshape the hospitality industry by helping restaurant operators take control of their guest relationships. We partner closely with clients to uncover business gaps, offer creative solutions, and drive long-term value through our operator-first platform. We're a team of strategic thinkers, trusted advisors, and passionate relationship-builders who believe in the power of hospitality—and the technology that supports it.\n\nAbout the Role\n\nAs an Account Development Executive, you'll manage a portfolio of restaurant and hospitality clients, nurturing relationships and identifying growth opportunities within existing accounts. You'll be responsible for driving upsells, supporting renewals, and helping clients get the most out of the SevenRooms platform. In this role, you'll collaborate with teams across the business to ensure clients are set up for long-term success, while also contributing directly to revenue growth and customer satisfaction.\n\nYou're excited about this opportunity because you will…\nManage Account Growth. Drive renewals, upsells, cross-sells, and expansion opportunities within your book of business to meet or exceed sales targets.\nOwn the Renewal Process. Proactively engage clients ahead of contract expiration to discuss goals, performance, and ensure continued value from the platform.\nIdentify Expansion Opportunities. Spot and close opportunities to introduce clients to additional SevenRooms features, integrations, and services that support their growth.\nPitch and Close Upsells. Recommend solutions like advanced reporting or marketing tools that increase engagement and adoption of the platform.\nBuild Trusted Relationships. Serve as a strategic advisor to key decision-makers, understanding their goals and aligning platform solutions to meet their needs.\nLead Client Presentations. Deliver engaging presentations and product demos that showcase SevenRooms' value and educate clients on new capabilities.\nCollaborate Across Teams. Partner with Sales, Customer Success, Product, and Marketing to advocate for clients and drive successful outcomes.\nTrack and Report Progress. Provide regular updates on account activity, upsell potential, and forecast data to support broader team performance goals.\nWe're excited about you because…\nYou have 3+ years of experience in account management, sales, or customer success, with a proven track record of meeting or exceeding revenue goals\nYou know how to identify and drive upsell and cross-sell opportunities that create real value for your clients\nYou're a strong communicator who can engage effectively with clients at all levels, both in writing and in conversation\nYou're confident working with data and using insights to shape smart sales strategies\nYou care deeply about your clients and are committed to delivering service that drives results\nYou're organized, proactive, and able to manage multiple priorities and deadlines with ease\n\nNotice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only\n\nWe use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using Covey Scout for Inbound again on June 29, 2024.\n\nThe Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: Covey\n\nAbout SevenRooms\n\nIn 2011, Joel Montaniel, Allison Page, and Kinesh Patel founded SevenRooms after noticing that hospitality operators were missing a critical ingredient in the systems they were using to run their business: guest data. What began as a mission to help restaurants better understand and serve their guests evolved into a powerful platform used by merchants around the world.\n\nWith best-in-class tools for marketing, operations, and guest experience — all deeply integrated with its industry-leading CRM — SevenRooms empowers operators to drive revenue, streamline operations, and deliver experiences that keep guests coming back.\n\nIn 2025, DoorDash acquired SevenRooms to strengthen its in-store strategy and expand its merchant-first offerings. The combination brings together DoorDash's scale, reach, and digital innovation with SevenRooms' in-store capabilities to support hospitality businesses across every channel — from discovery and delivery to on-premise dining.\n\nAs DoorDash builds out its in-store capabilities, SevenRooms plays a central role in enabling merchants to grow their businesses and connect more meaningfully with guests, whether they're ordering online or dining in. This move reflects DoorDash's broader commitment to empowering local businesses, fostering stronger connections between consumers and the places they love, and building technology that meets merchants — and their customers — wherever they are."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f5ca6ef80716eeb5","title":"Head of Professional Services Sales - IBM Maximo / EAM Solutions","company":"MaxAccelerate","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 days ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f5ca6ef80716eeb5","description":"Head of Professional Services Sales — IBM Maximo / EAM Solutions\n\n Remote (Global) | Relocation Sponsorship: Dubai option (Tax-Free Earnings)\n Department: Professional Services | Company: MaxAccelerate Technology Group\n\n About MaxAccelerate\n\nAt MaxAccelerate, we’re on a mission to bring the world of technology together — combining IBM Maximo, AI-driven data intelligence, and next-generation professional services into one powerful ecosystem.\n\nWe partner with some of the world’s largest enterprises and IBM Business Partners to deliver high-impact EAM solutions, digital transformations, supporting partners and our end clinets globally...\n\nThis is your chance to join a fast-growing global technology group, work with world-class teams, and help reshape how organizations manage and optimize their assets.\n\n About the Role\n\nWe’re looking for a Head of Professional Services Sales — a commercially driven leader with a deep understanding of enterprise consulting and a passion for customer success.\n\nIn this role, you’ll own the global sales strategy for our IBM Maximo and EAM professional services portfolio. You’ll build relationships with major enterprise clients, develop strategic partnerships, and lead high-value deals that transform how companies operate.\n\nThis isn’t a technical role — it’s about vision, relationships, and results. You’ll be the face of MaxAccelerate to the market: driving growth, inspiring clients, and shaping the future of EAM solutions worldwide.\n\n What You’ll Do\nLead the Professional Services sales strategy for IBM Maximo, MAS 9, and EAM transformation projects.\nIdentify and close new business opportunities across key industries (utilities, transport, manufacturing, government).\nBuild and nurture long-term client and partner relationships.\nDevelop proposals, lead negotiations, and secure multi-year service engagements.\nCollaborate closely with our delivery and marketing teams to align resources and go-to-market efforts.\nRepresent MaxAccelerate at industry events, IBM partner summits, and webinars.\nExpand adjacent service lines, including MAS upgrades, managed services, and AI-driven reporting (DataMax AI).\n\n What You’ll Bring\nProven track record in professional services or EAM sales, ideally with IBM Maximo or similar enterprise software.\nExperience in solution selling, enterprise consulting, or partner management.\nStrong commercial and negotiation skills with C-level clients.\nUnderstanding of Maximo / MAS 8–9 ecosystem, upgrades, and implementation lifecycles (advantageous).\nSelf-driven, entrepreneurial mindset — able to work remotely and deliver results.\nExcellent presentation and communication skills.\n\n✨ Why Join Us\nBe part of a global technology group transforming the EAM industry.\nWork with cutting-edge solutions including DataMax AI and IBM Maximo MAS 9.\nCollaborate with world-class consultants and AI specialists.\nRemote-first environment — work from anywhere.\nRelocation sponsorship to Dubai with tax-free earnings option.\nCompetitive base salary + up to 25% commission on closed deals.\nFast-track career growth within a high-performing international team.\n\n Perks\n\n✅ Competitive salary + uncapped commission\n✅ Remote / flexibility\n✅ Dubai sponsorship opportunity\n✅ Fast Track to own your own Business Unit with Share options.\n✅ Be part of a high-growth, AI-powered future\n\n Ready to accelerate your career?\n\nJoin us and be part of a team that’s redefining the future of asset management, data, and AI.\n\nRequirements\n\n✅ Requirements\n Experience\nMinimum 5–7 years’ experience in enterprise professional services sales, ideally within IBM Maximo / EAM, ERP, or digital transformation domains.\nProven record of achieving or exceeding annual sales quotas in professional or consulting services.\nExperience working directly with or for IBM, IBM Business Partners, or within the Maximo ecosystem (strong advantage).\nDemonstrated success in building and managing C-level relationships across enterprise accounts.\nBackground in solution-based selling professional serives... (rather than product-only sales).\nExperience structuring and closing multi-year service contracts, SOWs, and framework agreements.\n\n Knowledge & Technical Understanding\nStrong working knowledge of IBM Maximo / MAS 8–9, or similar enterprise asset management (EAM) platforms.\nUnderstanding of EAM implementation lifecycles, upgrades, and managed services delivery models.\nKnowledge of enterprise IT environments (Azure, AWS, or IBM Cloud), service models, and client governance structures.\n\n Skills & Competencies\nExcellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills.\nStrong commercial acumen with ability to build compelling business cases and ROI-driven proposals.\nStrategic thinker who can translate technical capability into customer value.\nConfident leading workshops, bids, and solution presentations.\nHigh level of organizational discipline and ability to manage multiple complex opportunities simultaneously.\nCollaborative leadership style — comfortable working across technical delivery, marketing, and partner teams.\n\n Education & Certifications\nRequired: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Engineering, Computer Science, or related field.\nPreferred: MBA or postgraduate qualification.\nDesirable: IBM Maximo, ITIL, or cloud certifications (Azure / AWS / IBM).\n\n Other Requirements\nAbility to work independently in a remote, international environment.\nWillingness to travel occasionally for client meetings, conferences, or partner events.\nEligible to relocate to Dubai (company sponsorship available).\nFluent in English; additional languages are an advantage.\n\nBenefits\n\n✅ Competitive salary + uncapped commission up to 25% commission\n✅ Remote / hybrid flexibility\n✅ Dubai sponsorship opportunity\n✅ Access to global enterprise projects\n✅ Be part of a high-growth, AI-powered future"}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f9f3b882a3cfaa67","title":"Senior Technical Product Manager","company":"Prisma Data","location":"{\"city\":\"Dubai\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Dubai\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Dubai\",\"latitude\":25.20485,\"longitude\":55.270782,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"a month ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f9f3b882a3cfaa67","description":"At Prisma, we’re redefining how developers work with databases. If you’re fascinated by the cutting-edge data infrastructure powering companies like Twitter, Airbnb, and Facebook, but want the agility, ownership, and impact of a fast-moving startup, then Prisma is the place for you.\n\nBacked by top-tier Silicon Valley investors like Amplify Partners, Kleiner Perkins, and IVP, our small, distributed team is making advanced database technology accessible to developers everywhere. Our open-source tools are trusted by over 400,000 developers each month, with a thriving community on Discord and GitHub, where we’ve earned 43,000+ GitHub Stars.\n\nAt the heart of our commercial offerings is Prisma Postgres, our flagship product designed to supercharge PostgreSQL with modern developer workflows, performance optimizations, and seamless scaling. Alongside it, Prisma Accelerate, and Studio, provide a world-class tookit for building with data.\n\nBy combining the power of open-source with cutting-edge commercial solutions, we’re shaping the future of databases, one developer at a time.\n\nWhat would you do at Prisma?\n\nWe’re looking for a Product Manager to join the team at Prisma and take ownership of critical areas of our developer-first database platform. In this role, you’ll be responsible for driving the full lifecycle of product development, from identifying user problems to delivering impactful solutions that scale.\n\nYou’ll work across discovery and delivery, continuously validating ideas, shaping product direction, and coordinating cross-functional teams to ship meaningful improvements. Your work will directly impact thousands of developers and teams using Prisma to build modern applications.\n\nWhat You’ll Do\nUnderstand users deeply: Run research to uncover values, pain points, and unmet needs across our user base.\nValidate rigorously: Test hypotheses and gather insights through interviews, prototypes, and experiments.\nDesign for impact: Explore and prioritize opportunities based on business and product KPIs.\nShape solutions: Collaborate on design, architecture, and developer experience to build clear, intuitive features.\nLead execution: Drive alignment across engineering, design, and marketing, ensuring quality and delivery at every step.\nOwn the outcomes: Track success, share learnings, and refine based on measurable results post-launch.\n\nYou’ll report to a senior product leader and work closely with a strong team of engineers. We’re looking for someone who’s analytical, user-obsessed, and ready to take real ownership. A technical background and an understanding of database technology will be a big advantage in being successful in this role.\n\nOur Ideal Candidate Profile\n\nWe believe the right candidate for this position should meet a majority of the criteria listed below.\n\n3-5 years of experience in product management, with developer-focused products or with a technical background\nExperience conducting user research activities, including planning the research, running surveys and user interviews.\nExperience in database and backend technologies, including TypeScript, databases and some familiarity with cloud services, APIs. Developer tooling is a plus.\nHigh standards for quality, ensuring excellence while balancing pragmatism, purpose, and a strong sense of agenc, taking ownership, making thoughtful trade-offs, and driving meaningful impact. Able to clearly communicate and advocate for a perspective, to any audience.\nStrong communication skills in English, both written and verbal—able to articulate complex ideas clearly, adapt messaging to different audiences, give and receive constructive feedback effectively, and foster collaboration across teams.\nYou have a structured thought process, approaching problems methodically and making well-reasoned decisions. You plan effectively, setting clear goals, anticipating challenges, and ensuring smooth execution while keeping stakeholders aligned.\nWhat's it like to work at Prisma?\n\nYou're likely to be a great fit for the team if you ...\n\n... have an ownership mindset. You'll have an outsized impact on decisions and the way things are executed.\n... stay nimble. It's a startup, things change and you are ok with that. Be ready to re-calibrate often and stay flexible.\n... be kind and collaborative. Come in ready to share your ideas and listen to feedback.\nWhat's in it for you?\n\nWe put our people first. Strong pay, full flexibility, and benefits that make a difference. Take the time off that you need, grow your career, and do work that matters.\n\nAn opportunity to lead the team shaping Prisma’s cutting-edge cloud products, driving innovation in modern database tooling and redefining how developers build and scale applications.\nA Fun and Supportive Team that values collaboration, growth, and continuous learning.\nCompetitive Base Salary and Stock Options, including extended post-termination exercise windows.\nFully Remote Work with flexibility to work from anywhere within our required time zones. If you prefer an office environment, we provide access to a local co-working space for up to ten days per month.\nGenerous Time Off, including twenty-four days of paid vacation and paid sick leave.\nParental Benefits, including twenty weeks of fully paid parental leave and child sick leave.\nSabbatical Leave, with six weeks of fully paid time off after three years of continuous employment.\nMental Health Support, including four fully paid Mental Health Days per year and access to professional resources.\nTech and Ergonomic Budget to equip you with the tools you need, plus an ergonomic chair subsidy for your comfort and well-being.\nAnnual Offsites, bringing the team together twice a year with all expenses paid retreats at exciting locations.\nRelocation Support, offering a relocation package for team members moving to Berlin after twelve months, if you choose to relocate.\n[US] Health and Pension Benefits, including comprehensive health, dental, vision, and 401k matching.\nRemote Work\n\nTo ensure effective collaboration we can currently only accept candidates within the timezone GMT -2 to GMT +3 for this position.\n\nWhat is our hiring process like?\nIntroductory Call with our Head of Product.\nTake Home Assignment followed by a technical interview based on your assignment with members from Product Development & Leadership Team.\nCross-Functional Team Interview with some of the engineers that form part of your team.\nInterview with our Head of Engineering.\nFinal Interview **with our CEO.\nOffer\n\nThe above serves as a basic outline, we might choose to add or remove steps based on the information that we gather during the process.\n\nIf you believe that this is the right position for you then please send your resume along with any supporting documentation or information to us via the link provided on this page.\n\nWe typically respond within 7 business days.\n\nIn line with our Fair Treatment and Equal Opportunity Policy, as well as our Disability Policy, Prisma follows fair and merit-based hiring practices, ensuring all candidates are evaluated based on their skills, experience, and qualifications. We do not make hiring decisions based on age, race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, parental or caregiver status, trade union membership, disability, religious belief or lack of belief, life expectancy, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veteran or military status."}
{"source":"indeed","source_id":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fa16f639d9c836c3","title":"Technical Lead (Rust/C++)","company":"Keyrock","location":"{\"city\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"postalCode\":null,\"country\":\"UAE\",\"countryCode\":\"AE\",\"formattedAddressLong\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"formattedAddressShort\":\"Abu Dhabi\",\"latitude\":24.46,\"longitude\":54.36,\"streetAddress\":null,\"fullAddress\":null}","remote":false,"salary":"{}","posted_at":"5 months ago","url":"https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fa16f639d9c836c3","description":"About Keyrock\n\nSince our beginnings in 2017, we've grown to be a leading change-maker in the digital asset space, renowned for our partnerships and innovation.\n\nToday, we rock with over 180 team members around the world. Our diverse team hails from 42 nationalities, with backgrounds ranging from DeFi natives to PhDs. Predominantly remote, we have hubs in London, Brussels and Singapore, and host regular online and offline hangouts to keep the crew tight.\n\nWe are trading on more than 80 exchanges, and working with a wide array of asset issuers. As a well-established market maker, our distinctive expertise led us to expand rapidly. Today, our services span market making, options trading, high-frequency trading, OTC, and DeFi trading desks.\n\nBut we’re more than a service provider. We’re an initiator. We're pioneers in adopting the Rust development language for our algorithmic trading, and champions of its use in the industry. We support the growth of Web3 startups through our Accelerator Program. We upgrade ecosystems by injecting liquidity into promising DeFi, RWA, and NFT protocols. And we push the industry's progress with our research and governance initiatives.\n\nAt Keyrock, we're not just envisioning the future of digital assets. We're actively building it.\n\nMission statement\n\nAs Technical Lead at Keyrock, you will assume responsibility for the technology underpinning our Strategic Market Making team, designing and developing mid/high-frequency, large-scale trading platforms that provide Keyrock with a competitive advantage. You will oversee the entire development lifecycle - from initial architecture and code reviews to performance optimisation and continuous deployment - harmonising strategic vision with hands-on engineering. You will foster a culture of innovation and collaboration, working closely with Product, Quantitative Research and Operations to translate strategic objectives into scalable systems and measurable outcomes. Ultimately, you will ensure the delivery of secure, reliable and high-performance solutions that maintain Keyrock’s market leadership.\n\nJob description\n\nLead and manage a team of talented engineers, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and excellence.\n\nDrive the design, development, and maintenance of high-concurrency, high-performance trading systems.\n\nCollaborate closely with product management to align engineering efforts with product goals and roadmap.\n\nImplement and enforce best practices in software development, including code reviews, testing methodologies, and deployment strategies.\n\nEnsure the scalability, reliability, and security of our systems by implementing robust architectures and engineering practices.\n\nProvide technical leadership and mentorship to team members, fostering their professional growth and development.\n\nStay abreast of industry trends and emerging technologies, identifying opportunities for innovation and improvement.\n\nCollaborate with cross-functional teams to drive continuous improvement and operational excellence.\n\nCollaborate with System Architect and other Engineering managers to align with our company-wide technical strategy.\n\nKey Responsibilities\n\nProvide both strategic direction and day-to-day hands-on development across our suite of high-concurrency, high-performance trading platforms.\n\nLead, mentor and inspire a multidisciplinary team of engineers, embedding a growth mindset, agile practices and engineering excellence.\n\nPartner with Product Management to translate roadmap objectives into scalable architectures, rigorous engineering plans and sprint deliverables.\n\nDefine, implement and uphold industry-leading development standards - including comprehensive code reviews, test-driven development, CI/CD pipelines and release orchestration.\n\nArchitect and validate robust, secure and resilient systems; proactively identify performance bottlenecks and champion continuous optimisation.\n\nCollaborate with the System Architect and fellow Engineering Managers to ensure alignment with our overarching technical vision and technology stack roadmap.\n\nDrive innovation by evaluating emerging technologies, fostering proof-of-concepts and rolling out improvements that deliver measurable business impact.\n\nEngage with cross-functional teams (Operations, Security, QA, Architecture) to streamline processes, elevate operational maturity and guarantee 24/7 production reliability.\n\nRequirements\n\nBachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent practical experience\n\nDemonstrated expertise in architecting and maintaining high-concurrency, low-latency trading systems at scale\n\nAdvanced proficiency in Rust (or C++ and willing to learn Rust); working knowledge of Node.js (JavaScript/TypeScript) and Python is an advantage\n\nDeep experience with data-intensive architectures and real-time data pipelines\n\nProven track record deploying, optimising and operating AWS environments for ultra-low-latency workloads\n\nHands-on experience containerising applications and managing Kubernetes clusters in production\n\nFamiliarity with GitOps workflows to automate infrastructure provisioning, configuration and deployments\n\nSolid command of software engineering best practices, including Agile methodologies, DevOps principles and end-to-end CI/CD pipelines\n\nKnowledge of DevSecFinOps principles to embed security, compliance and cost-governance throughout the delivery lifecycle\n\nDemonstrated leadership of engineering teams, with a commitment to fostering collaboration, mentorship and continuous professional growth\n\nExcellent communication and stakeholder-management skills, able to partner effectively with Product, Quantitative Research and Operations\n\nStrong analytical and problem-solving mindset, with a passion for building scalable, reliable and secure systems\n\nDeep domain knowledge of finance and trading, particularly within the cryptocurrency sector\n\nExperience in fast-paced, dynamic financial or fintech environments is highly desirable\n\nWe would like the successful candidate to be based in the UK or Europe. Remote and flexible work options are available.\n\nOur recruitment philosophy\n\nWe value self-awareness in our recruitment process. We seek people who understand themselves and their career goals. We're after those with the right skills and a conscious choice to join our field. The perfect fit? A crypto enthusiast who’s driven, collaborative, and delivers solid, scalable outcomes.\n\nOur offer\n\nA competitive salary package, with various benefits depending on the method of engagement (employee or freelancer).\n\nAutonomy in your time management thanks to flexible working hours and the opportunity to work remotely\n\nThe freedom to create your own entrepreneurial experience by being part of a team of people in search of excellence\n\nAs an employer we are committed to build an inclusive, diverse and non-discriminating work environment. We welcome employees of all backgrounds, ethnicities, genders, creed and sexual orientation. We hire, reward and promote entirely based on merit and performance.\n\nDue to the nature of our business and external requirements, we perform background checks on all potential employees, passing which is a prerequisite to join Keyrock.\n\nhttps://keyrock.com/careers/"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4301753257","title":"Leader Vertical Market Data Center (m/f/d)","company":"Kelvion","location":"Herne","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.kelvion.com/career/jobs/detail/leader-vertical-market-data-center-m-f-d","description":"Our mission is to lead the industrial transformation by championing innovation and sustainability. From optimising data centres and advancing hydrogen production to revolutionising refrigeration and HVAC systems, our mission-critical thermal solutions empower industries around the globe. United as “One Kelvion,” our global team delivers innovative solutions that drive customer success and support a sustainable future.Together, We Shape the FutureAs Leader Vertical Market Data Center, you’ll play a pivotal role in developing and implementing winning strategies for Kelvion’s Data Center market. Reporting directly to the VP Sales &amp; Service, you’ll act with a high degree of independence and will have both direct and indirect responsibility for order entry targets in your sector. You will define and drive the key account development strategy and act as the primary interface to our valued clients.Drive sales of Kelvion products and solutions in the Data Center sectorLead the adoption of innovative sales strategies and foster a strong customer focusGuide your team in using effective sales approaches (e.g., Miller Heimann)Communicate sales performance and market insights to management and colleaguesShare growth proposals and collaborate closely with Kelvion leadershipMaintain high-quality CRM data and ensure precise and reliable forecasting Launch and monitor TRAS / RFA processes in line with Kelvion’s governance and approval rulesMonitor and develop key accounts, ensuring customer satisfaction and long-term partnershipsSupport budgeting and strategic planning activities for your vertical marketPrepare insightful market analyses and compelling sales documentationActively plan and conduct customer visits and represent Kelvion at trade showsCoordinate customer feedback and complaints with internal teams to ensure swift resolutionAbout YouLocation: FranceSelf-motivated, independent, and experienced in B2B sales within the Data Center or related vertical marketsStrong knowledge of sales processes, strategy development, and key account managementExcellent communication and leadership skillsHigh proficiency in CRM systems and data-driven forecastingWillingness to travel for client visits and industry eventsFluency in English required; French language skills are an advantageWhat We OfferAt Kelvion we thrive on collaboration, embracing diversity of thought, and valuing every voice. Within Kelvion creativity shines because people are listened to, their contributions recognised, and their ideas welcomed. Our flexible approach to the way we work places people’s health and satisfaction as a priority, enhancing engagement and fostering career opportunities. We empower engaged individuals to grow, progress and carve their own paths within the company.Company car100% remote work when not visiting clientsOpportunity to work with a leading global team in a fast-growing marketAn inspiring and collaborative team atmosphereThe opportunity to shape the future of innovative heat exchange solutions for the Data Center marketA company culture defined by passion, reliability, and an ambition to excelAt Kelvion we thrive on collaboration, embracing diversity of thought, and valuing every voice. Within Kelvion creativity shines because people are listened to, their contributions recognised, and their ideas welcomed. Our flexible approach to the way we work places people’s health and satisfaction as a priority, enhancing engagement and fostering career opportunities. We empower engaged individuals to grow, progress and carve their own paths within the company.Together, We Shape the FutureIf you are interested in joining us, please send your application to fr-win-recrutement@kelvion.com. We look forward to hearing from you and exploring how your skills and ambitions can help shape the future at Kelvion. Apply now"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314450136","title":"Freelance Recruiter Global Remote","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/abu-dhabi/freelance-recruiter-global-remote/2510-3161-52","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Abu DhabiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358540Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreUK construction newsTop 100 companiesConstruction company profilesbuilding materialsConstruction job listingsConstruction industry newslettersContract leads serviceConstruction magazine subscriptionsPlant equipment listingsConstruction directory accessJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Contract Country: United Arab Emirates City: Abu Dhabi Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314449170","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/abu-dhabi/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-69","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Ruwais, Abu DhabiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358856Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover morebuilding materialsVehicle telematics systemsUsed plant salesConstruction software solutionsConstruction safety gearConstruction job listingsConstruction insurance productsCivil engineering contractors directoryPlant equipment listingsConstruction project management toolsJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Abu Dhabi Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Global RemoteTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314447171","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/ajman/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-58","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: AjmanPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358728Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreTop 100 companiesbuilding materialsHeavy machinery rentalsVehicle telematics systemsContract leads serviceConstruction safety gearPlant attachmentsDemolition servicesOnline media packSite surveying equipmentJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Contract Country: United Arab Emirates City: Ajman Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314451146","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/al-ayn/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-57","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Al Ain, Abu DhabiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358683Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreConcrete testing servicesDemolition servicesTop 100 companiesUsed plant salesUsed plant equipment salesFall arrest systemsBuilding materialConstruction industry newslettersbuilding materialsCivil engineering contractors directoryJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Al Ain Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314878859","title":"CRM Sales Operations Specialist - Freelance Remote","company":"TALENTMATE","location":"Sharjah","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/dubai/crm-sales-operations-specialist-freelance-remote/2510-2259-61","description":"Job DescriptionDepartment: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $6.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientOur client is a growth-focused sales organization that partners closely with client-facing teams to streamline revenue operations and scale sales processes. We prioritize automation, data-driven CRM management, and creating sales enablement assets that empower reps to work autonomously. The company values continuous improvement and seeks an operations partner who loves building systems that make sales teams more effective.Why does this role exist?This role exists to design, implement, and maintain scalable sales automations and CRM processes that reduce manual work, improve lead-to-deal visibility, and enable the sales team to operate more independently. The CRM/Sales Ops Expert will own Pipedrive administration, end-to-end automation workflows using Zapier and related tools, and the ongoing optimization of lead lists and sales enablement materials so sales leadership can focus on closing business.The Impact you’ll makeSales Automation &amp; Workflow ManagementDesign, build, and maintain sales automations and workflow sequences to streamline prospecting, lead routing, follow-ups, and internal handoffs.Implement and manage Zapier integrations (and similar automation tools) to connect systems and eliminate repetitive manual tasks.Identify recurring manual processes and propose automation solutions to increase sales team productivity.CRM Administration &amp; OptimizationAdminister and optimize Pipedrive: maintain pipelines, custom fields, stages, and automation rules.Ensure data integrity—regular data hygiene, deduplication, and accurate tracking of leads, activities, and deal progress.Build and maintain reporting and dashboards to surface actionable sales metrics for leadership.Lead Sourcing &amp; List ManagementSource and manage lead lists using Seamless.ai or equivalent tools (Clay.ai, ZoomInfo, Instantly, etc.).Standardize list formats, enrichment workflows, and lead scoring/qualification inputs into Pipedrive.Coordinate with the sales team to ensure leads are delivered, routed, and followed up on promptly.Sales Enablement &amp; PresentationsCreate polished sales slide decks and presentation templates in Google Slides (and design tools such as Canva or Figma) for use by sales reps.Maintain / update enablement materials to reflect changes in process, product, or messaging.Train or provide documentation for sales reps on using automations, workflows, and presentation assets.Collaboration &amp; Continuous ImprovementWork closely with sales leadership to understand needs and proactively propose improvements.Provide documentation, SOPs, and training to ensure smooth adoption of new automations and CRM updates.Monitor performance of automations and iterate to improve reliability and impact.Skills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequiredMinimum 1 year experience in CRM / Sales Operations with demonstrable results.Proven experience designing and building sales automations, especially using Zapier.Hands-on Pipedrive administration and optimization experience.Experience sourcing and managing lead lists using Seamless.ai or similar tools (Clay.ai, ZoomInfo, Instantly, etc.).Experience creating sales presentations and enablement materials in Google Slides, Canva, Figma, or similar tools.WFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:Technical: Zapier (advanced workflows), Pipedrive administration, lead enrichment tools (Seamless.ai / ZoomInfo / Clay.ai), Google Workspace, Asana, Slack. Design basics for slide creation (Google Slides, Canva, Figma) and creating templates for sales use. Strong data hygiene practices, reporting/dashboard creation, and workflow documentation.Soft skills: Proactive problem-solver who loves automating processes. Clear communicator and collaborator with sales teams and leadership. Detail-oriented, organized, and comfortable juggling multiple projects. Customer-service mentality and a bias for action.You should apply if...You enjoy automating repetitive work and building systems that let salespeople sell more.You like working closely with sales teams and take pride in enabling others’ success.You value continuous improvement, documentation, and clean CRM data.You’re comfortable working independently in a remote team and communicating clearly across time zones.What to expect...Work SetupRemote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMonday to Friday, 8 hours/day Eastern Time (schedule TBD).Compensation:$6 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefitsJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Dubai Company Website: https://www.getmagic.com Job Function: Others Company Industry/Sector: Software DevelopmentWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsPrincipal Customer Success ManagerTalentmateCCTV SpecialistTalentmateRegional Sales Manager DubaiTalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Korean Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Vietnamese Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Thai Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314886264","title":"Event Coordinator - Freelance Remote","company":"TALENTMATE","location":"Sharjah","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/dubai/event-coordinator-freelance-remote/2510-2259-60","description":"Job DescriptionDepartment: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $6.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientOur client is a growth-focused sales organization that partners closely with client-facing teams to streamline revenue operations and scale sales processes. We prioritize automation, data-driven CRM management, and creating sales enablement assets that empower reps to work autonomously. The company values continuous improvement and seeks an operations partner who loves building systems that make sales teams more effective.Why does this role exist?This role is being hired to secure high-impact speaking and exhibitor opportunities and to ensure flawless execution at conferences and trade shows so the client and their companies have consistent, professional physical presence. The Events Coordinator will remove logistical friction—handling research, bookings, negotiations, materials, staff coordination and post-event follow-up—so the client can focus on presenting and growing the business. Ultimately, this role exists to increase visibility, generate qualified leads, and maximize ROI from events.The Impact you’ll makeSpeaker &amp; Exhibitor BookingsResearch, identify and apply for speaking slots appropriate for the client and each company.Secure exhibitor tables and booth space for relevant companies at targeted events.Manage applications, contracts, deadlines and confirmations for both speaking and exhibitor opportunities.Negotiation &amp; Relationship ManagementNegotiate fees, booth placement, sponsorship packages and contract terms with event organizers.Build and maintain relationships with event hosts, organizers and industry contacts.Manage vendor and organizer communications to ensure favorable terms and smooth logistics.Event Logistics &amp; Materials ManagementCoordinate production, shipping and on-time delivery of event materials (merch, swag, tablecloths, roll-up banners, collateral).Assign and brief staff for event roles; create staff schedules and run-of-show documents.Oversee on-site setup, booth appearance, and any required technical or AV arrangements.Event Research &amp; Calendar ManagementContinuously research and aggregate targeted conferences and trade shows across industries (education, business/entrepreneurship, aviation/travel).Maintain an up-to-date event calendar to ensure coverage and speaking opportunities across companies.Prioritize events by audience fit, cost/benefit, and speaking potential.Onsite &amp; Post-Event ExecutionProvide hands-on support before, during and after events; troubleshoot issues and act as the main contact for organizers and staff.Prepare post-event reports summarizing outcomes, leads, and recommended follow-up actions.Coordinate lead handoff and follow-up plans with the client and internal team.Skills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequiredMinimum 1 year experience as an Event Coordinator or Booking AgentDemonstrable experience booking both speaking engagements and exhibitor booths at industry events.Proven negotiation experience with event organizers and vendors.Experience coordinating event materials, staff, shipping and on-site logistics.Comfortable using Asana, Google Workspace, Slack and Canva for event planning and collaborationWFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:TechnicalEvent research and calendar managementContract review and vendor negotiationLogistics coordination (shipping, booth setup, AV basics)Basic graphic/layout skills for collateral using Canva (or ability to coordinate designers)Proficiency with Asana, Google Workspace and SlackSoft skills / traitsHighly organized with excellent attention to detailStrong communicator and relationship builderProactive, resourceful problem-solver who can act independentlyComfortable managing multiple events and deadlines simultaneouslyCalm under pressure and customer-service orientedYou should apply if...You love events and enjoy turning logistical complexity into polished experiences.You’re a proactive self-starter who anticipates needs and takes ownership end-to-end.You value relationship-building and can negotiate confidently on behalf of clients.You thrive in a fast-paced, remote environment and prioritize clear communication.What to expect...Work SetupRemote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMonday to Friday, 8 hours/day Eastern Time (schedule TBD).Compensation:$6 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefitsJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Dubai Company Website: https://www.getmagic.com Job Function: Manufacturing &amp; Production Company Industry/Sector: Software DevelopmentWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsPrincipal Customer Success ManagerTalentmateCCTV SpecialistTalentmateRegional Sales Manager DubaiTalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Korean Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Vietnamese Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Thai Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314456009","title":"Freelance Recruiter Global Remote","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/dubai/freelance-recruiter-global-remote/2510-3161-59","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: DubaiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358629Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Dubai Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314435842","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/dubai/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-53","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Umm al-QuwainPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358801Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Dubai Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314898047","title":"Head of Sales MENA","company":"TALENTMATE","location":"Sharjah","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/dubai/head-of-sales-mena/2510-8133-9","description":"Job DescriptionAbout Us👏 Team from OpenAI, DeepMind, NASA, GoogleX, Tesla, and 2 physicians: 6 exits, 2 IPOs.🔥 Our model outperforms Claude, Gemini, and GPT-4.5 on clinical benchmarks.📈 400+ healthcare orgs signed in 16 months.⚡️ $25M raised from YC, Amity Ventures, Sequoia scouts, and more.🌎 $1T+ market opportunity. We’re going after all of it.About UsWe don’t care about titles, we care about execution. We’re looking for someone to build out Sullys business in the MENA region and bring real AI to frontline care. From zero to scale, you’ll shape how thousands of providers deploy and trust medical agents that actually deliver. You will drive meaningful impact to the business and make Sully the gold standard for AI in healthcare.Join us on our mission to save livesWhy Sully?👏 Team from OpenAI, DeepMind, NASA, GoogleX, Tesla, and 2 physicians: 6 exits, 2 IPOs.🔥 Our model outperforms Claude, Gemini, and GPT-4.5 on clinical benchmarks.📈 400+ healthcare orgs signed in 16 months.⚡️ $25M raised from YC, Sequoia scouts, and more.🌎 $1T+ market opportunity. We’re going after all of it.The RoleResponsibilitiesYou Will Be Sully.ai’s First In-market Sales Leader For MENA, Responsible For Driving Top-line Growth And Building The Foundation For a Scalable Go-to-market Engine. Reporting Directly To The COO, You Will:Define and execute Sully.ai’s Dubai &amp; GCC sales strategy.Own and exceed revenue targets across enterprise healthcare accounts.Build, train, and scale a high-performing regional sales team.Develop repeatable sales processes, playbooks, and metrics.Partner with Customer Success and Partnerships to expand accounts.Forge strong relationships with healthcare providers, regulators, and strategic partners.Key ResponsibilitiesSales Execution: Drive new business pipeline, close strategic deals, and hit aggressive revenue targets.Team Leadership: Hire, mentor, and motivate A-level sales talent.Market Expansion: Identify whitespace opportunities, refine positioning, and localize our sales motion.Enterprise Relationships: Build trusted C-level relationships with providers, payors, and regulators.Process &amp; Metrics: Establish clear KPIs, forecasting rigor, and operational discipline.Qualifications &amp; Skills7+ years in enterprise sales leadership, with a track record of scaling B2B SaaS or AI businesses.Deep experience in selling to healthcare or highly regulated industries.Consistent history of beating quota and building teams that do the same.Exceptional negotiation, deal-making, and relationship-building skills.Regional expertise: fluent in English and Arabic, with proven success navigating UAE/MENA markets.Ability to operate 0→1 and build sales playbooks in ambiguous environments.This Is For Someone Who:Loves building from 0 to 1 (and then to 100).Can thrive in chaos, move fast, and think in systems.Gets excited about complex, technical customer problems.Wants real ownership—self-driven and self-managed.Can hire, train, and scale a high-performing sales team.Titles are whatever. Execution gets rewarded. If this sounds like you, let’s talk.More on UsWhy Join Sully.ai?🔥 Shape the Future of Healthcare: Build category-defining partnerships that enable doctors to focus on saving lives.📈 Early-Stage Impact: Join early and play a critical role in shaping our partnership roadmap and overall company growth.🌎 Remote-First Culture: Work with a talented, mission-driven team in a flexible, remote environment.💰 Competitive Compensation: Enjoy a competitive salary, equity, and the opportunity to make a real difference.🏆 Solve Scalability Challenges: Tackle complex challenges in a rapidly growing company, driving impactful change in healthcare.Sully.ai is an equal opportunity employer. In addition to EEO being the law, it is a policy that is fully consistent with our principles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, pregnancy or age. Sully.ai prohibits any form of workplace harassment.Job DetailsRole Level: Executive-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Dubai Company Website: https://www.sully.ai/ Job Function: Sales Company Industry/Sector: Hospitals and Health CareWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsCase Manager - LocumTalentmateHealthcare AdministratorTalentmateHealthcare Administrator - EmiratiTalentmateRadiographer I SonographerTalentmateAnaesthesia technicianTalentmatePatient Administrator - EmiratiTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4315102022","title":"SEO Analyst - Freelance Remote","company":"TALENTMATE","location":"Sharjah","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/dubai/seo-analyst-freelance-remote/2510-2259-58","description":"Job DescriptionDepartment: Support &amp; LeadershipLocation: Global+Compensation: $6.00 / hourDescriptionAbout the ClientOur client is an established, multi-office residential real estate brokerage in the Upper Midwest, serving home buyers and sellers across multiple local markets. They combine deep local expertise with the marketing reach of a nationally recognized brand to deliver high-touch, results-driven service. To support continued growth, they are investing in data-driven SEO to increase qualified traffic, leads, and closed transactions.Why does this role exist?This role exists to turn SEO data into clear, actionable insights that drive more qualified organic traffic and lead conversions for a multi-market real estate business. The SEO Analyst will go beyond surface metrics to uncover the “why” behind performance changes, build accurate reports and forecasts, and communicate findings confidently to stakeholders. By monitoring performance daily and following established SOPs, this role will proactively identify growth opportunities and ensure stakeholders always understand what is happening, why it’s happening, and what to do next.The Impact you’ll makeDeep performance analysis and insight generationDiagnose fluctuations in traffic, conversions, and revenue; identify trends, correlations, and root causes.Build and maintain segmented dashboards (by market, device, page type, intent) in Looker Studio or equivalent.Translate analyses into clear narratives and forecasts that explain the “why,” not just the “what.”Actionable SEO strategy and execution supportDevelop prioritized recommendations across technical SEO, on-page/content, internal linking, and local SEO.Create hypothesis-driven test plans with success metrics and timelines; track impact post-implementation.Partner with content/website teams to implement changes and verify results.Reporting, QA, and stakeholder communicationOwn weekly/monthly reporting; validate tracking, goals, and data integrity with a documented QA process.Present performance updates and strategic recommendations in clear, client-ready English.Maintain a consistent update cadence; flag unusual spikes/drops immediately with initial findings.AI-assisted analysis and efficiencyUse AI (with strong prompt writing) to accelerate data synthesis, draft narratives, and scenario forecasts.Automate repetitive reporting tasks while validating AI outputs for accuracy.Maintain a prompt/SOP library to improve repeatability and speed.SOP adherence and continuous improvementFollow established SOPs; ask clarifying questions; document and suggest improvements when needed.Monitor performance daily and keep an insights log of issues, actions, and outcomes.Identify growth opportunities via keyword gap, SERP feature, and local pack performance analyses.Skills, Knowledge and ExpertiseRequiredHands-on experience as an SEO Specialist/Analyst with a track record of diagnosing and improving performance.Advanced proficiency with SEMrush, Google Search Console, Google Analytics (GA4), Google Ads data, and Looker Studio.Proven ability to uncover the “why” behind metrics and present insights, forecasts, and recommendations to stakeholders.Excellent English communication (verbal and written) with a neutral accent; confident, client-facing presenter.Exclusive full-time availability (no other clients) with high responsiveness during M–F, 9 AM–5 PM Central.WFH Set-Up:Computer with at least 8GB RAM, an Intel i5 core processor/AMD Ryzen 5 Processor and up.Internet speed of at least 40MBPSHeadset with an extended mic that has noise cancellation and a webcamBack-up computer and internet connectionQuiet, dedicated workspace at homeYour Superpowers:Technical: GA4 event/goal setup and analysis; GSC query/page diagnostics; SEMrush keyword and competitive research; Looker Studio dashboarding; basic Google Ads understanding for cross-channel context; forecasting in Sheets/Excel; strong prompt-writing to leverage AI for analysis and reportingAnalytical and communication: Data storytelling, correlation/causation thinking, hypothesis-driven problem solving, clear presentation to non-technical stakeholdersWays of working: Meticulous QA, SOP-driven execution, proactive updates, strong time management, reliability, and ownershipYou should apply if...You love digging into data to find the real story and can explain it simply and confidentlyYou’re proactive—spotting anomalies early, communicating clearly, and proposing next stepsYou thrive with clear SOPs, high accountability, and a client-facing roleYou value accuracy, responsiveness, and consistent follow-throughYou can commit exclusively to this role during working hours and are energized by measurable impactWhat to expect...Work SetupRemote positionMust have a reliable internet connection and a quiet workspaceRequired to provide own computer with Intel Core i5 or something similar or higher operating systemWorking Hours:40 hours per weekMon–Fri, 9:00 AM–5:00 PM Central TimeCompensation:$6 per hourNo benefits package includedBenefitsJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Dubai Company Website: https://www.getmagic.com Job Function: Sales Company Industry/Sector: Software DevelopmentWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsPrincipal Customer Success ManagerTalentmateCCTV SpecialistTalentmateRegional Sales Manager DubaiTalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Korean Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Vietnamese Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateGAME PRESENTER With Thai Full Relocation Support To UAETalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314447170","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/fujairah/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-56","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: FujairahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358777Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreFall arrest systemsBuilding materials suppliesTop 100 companiesConstruction job board listingsConcrete testing servicesConstruction industry newslettersConstruction insurance productsConstruction magazine subscriptionbuilding materialsConstruction safety gearJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Fujairah Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314438847","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/ras-al-khaimah/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-54","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Ras al-KhaimahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358745Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover morePlant hire servicesUsed plant salesContract leads serviceSite surveying equipmentConstruction index dataOnline media packBuilding materialConstruction magazine subscriptionsPlant attachmentsConcrete testing servicesJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Contract Country: United Arab Emirates City: Ras Al Khaimah Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314433917","title":"Freelance Recruiter Remote Global","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.talentmate.com/jobs/uae/sharjah/freelance-recruiter-remote-global/2510-3161-55","description":"Job DescriptionType: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: SharjahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358652Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether youre running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.Were not offering a job. Were offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What Youll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat Youll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreConstruction magazine subscriptionConstruction industry newslettersConstruction company profilesConstruction industry reportsAsbestos removal servicesFall arrest systemsConstruction news subscriptionPlant equipment newsBuilding productsConstruction safety equipmentJob DetailsRole Level: Entry-Level Work Type: Full-Time Country: United Arab Emirates City: Sharjah Company Website: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk Job Function: Human Resources (HR) Company Industry/Sector: Broadcast Media Production and DistributionWhat We OfferAbout The CompanySearching, interviewing and hiring are all part of the professional life. The TALENTMATE Portal idea is to fill and help professionals doing one of them by bringing together the requisites under One Roof. Whether you're hunting for your Next Job Opportunity or Looking for Potential Employers, we're here to lend you a Helping Hand.ReportSimilar JobsFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmateMulti-Platform ProducerTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateFreelance Recruiter Remote GlobalTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmatePlatform-Based Recruiter - Global Reach No OverheadsTalentmateDisclaimer: talentmate.com is only a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together. Applicants are advised to research the bonafides of the prospective employer independently. We do NOT endorse any requests for money payments and strictly advice against sharing personal or bank related information. We also recommend you visit Security Advice for more information. If you suspect any fraud or malpractice, email us at abuse@talentmate.com."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314412207","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Global / Remote)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-global-remote-1/154493","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: DubaiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358580Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreBuy construction software dealsConstruction Training CoursesConstruction Equipment HireConstruction Directory ListingConstruction News FeedConstruction Magazine SubscriptionConstruction Market DataPurchase construction vehicle telematicsBook construction training courseConstruction Media Pack"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314194824","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Global / Remote)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-global-remote-2/154494","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: DubaiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358629Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreFind demolition contractors UKConstruction Training CoursesBuy construction magazine subscriptionBuy generators construction siteHire construction plant machineryConstruction Directory ServicesConstruction Jobs BoardBuy construction safety gearRent temporary road platesFind civil engineering contractors"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314191911","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Global / Remote)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-global-remote/154492","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Abu DhabiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358540Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover morePurchase surveying equipment onlineContract News ServiceConstruction Jobs BoardConstruction Market DataConstruction Media PackHire excavation services near meConstruction Leads ServiceRent temporary road platesHire welfare units constructionConstruction Directory Listing"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314400613","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-922/154495","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: SharjahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358652Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreFind construction jobs platformBuy construction safety gearConstruction Industry ReportsBuy generators construction siteHire welfare units constructionConstruction Directory ServicesPurchase aggregates delivery serviceConstruction Leads ServiceConstruction Index SubscriptionBuy construction software deals"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314403443","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-923/154496","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Al Ain, Abu DhabiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358683Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreAl AinContract News ServiceRent temporary road platesConstruction Directory ListingConstruction News FeedConstruction Market DataConstruction Directory ServicesConstruction Software ToolsSurveying equipment for salePurchase surveying equipment online"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314197754","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-924/154497","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: AjmanPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358728Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreContract News ServiceConstruction Market DataFind construction jobs platformFind civil engineering contractorsPlant Equipment SalesConstruction Training CoursesPurchase surveying equipment onlineFind demolition contractors UKConstruction Company RankingsBuy construction equipment online"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314404373","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-925/154498","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Ras al-KhaimahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358745Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover morePurchase used plant equipmentHire excavation services near meSubcontractor Pay TrendsConstruction Equipment HireConstruction News FeedBuy generators construction siteConstruction Industry ReportsPlant Equipment SalesConstruction Software ToolsPurchase construction vehicle telematics"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314407333","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-926/154499","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: FujairahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358777Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreBuy construction software dealsHire construction plant machineryHire excavation services near meConstruction Directory ListingConstruction Equipment HireSurveying equipment for saleBuy construction equipment onlineConstruction Software ToolsSubcontractor Pay TrendsPurchase construction vehicle telematics"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314197752","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-927/154500","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Umm al-QuwainPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358801Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreUmm Al QuwainUmm al-QuwainBuy construction equipment onlineConstruction Directory ServicesPurchase used plant equipmentHire excavation services near meConstruction Magazine SubscriptionConstruction Industry ReportsConstruction Index SubscriptionBuy construction safety gear"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314404371","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-928/154501","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Khor Fakkan, SharjahPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358819Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (UK &amp; Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreKhor FakkanBuy construction magazine subscriptionConstruction Leads ServicePurchase aggregates delivery serviceConstruction Project LeadsRent temporary road platesPurchase used plant equipmentBuy construction safety gearConstruction Media PackFind construction jobs platform"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314413154","title":"Freelance Recruiter (Remote / Global)","company":"The Construction Index Ltd","location":"March","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/construction-jobs/view/property-recruitment/freelance-recruiter-remote-global-929/154502","description":"Type: Full TimeRegion: InternationalTown/City: Ruwais, Abu DhabiPosted: 13/10/2025Listed in: Property RecruitmentReference: RecX001_1760358856Job DescriptionJob Title: Recruiters Wanted | AI-Powered Platform for Revenue Growth | RemoteLocation: Remote (Global)Job Type: Platform Membership / Flexible CollaborationOverviewWhether you're running solo, leading an agency, in-house, or part of an RPO - RecXchange gives you the tools, network, and firepower to earn more through smart collaboration and AI-matched opportunities.We're not offering a job. We're offering a recruiter-first platform where professionals of every model can share candidates, split fees, access live roles, and scale without increasing headcount.What You'll DoUpload roles or candidate profilesGet matched to collaborators via our AI-driven Xchange EngineWork together on split-fee deals (50/50 standard)Stay in control - no KPIs, no management, no red tapeWhat You'll AccessATS, CRM &amp; Candidate Database Lead Generation Tools Direct Client Roles + Collaborative Roles Verified Recruiter Network Automated Fee-Split Agreements Community, Coaching, Podcasts, eLearning Tiered Access - including Free Trial Transparent 50-70% split fee earningsApply for this jobDiscover moreConstruction Directory ListingFind civil engineering contractorsRent temporary road platesConstruction Company RankingsConstruction Magazine SubscriptionPurchase used plant equipmentBuy construction software dealsContract News ServiceConstruction Market DataConstruction Software Tools"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4309552025","title":"Digital Marketing Specialist – Freelance","company":"Twine","location":"Manchester","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.twine.net/projects/b90vr0-growing-a-painting-business-digital-marketer-remote-job?utm_source=linkedin.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=linkedin_job","description":"This role is ideal for a digital marketing professional with expertise in website design, content creation, CRM setup, and paid social advertising. The project involves supporting a Miami-based painting business in establishing a strong online presence and streamlining customer management. The successful candidate will work remotely and collaborate closely to deliver a comprehensive digital solution, from initial planning through execution. This is a single-project engagement, perfect for freelancers or agencies with a proven track record in digital growth for service-based businesses.Deliverables Design and develop a professional, user-friendly website tailored to a painting business Create engaging content for web and social media platforms Set up and configure a customer relationship management (CRM) system to streamline client communications and project tracking Plan, launch, and optimize Meta and Facebook ad campaigns to drive brand awareness and lead generation Provide guidance on project timelines and best practices for digital marketing in the home services sectorRequirements Demonstrated experience in website design and development, preferably for small businesses or service providers Proficiency in content creation, including copywriting and basic graphic design Strong knowledge of CRM platforms and implementation strategies Proven success managing Meta and Facebook advertising campaigns Ability to work independently and communicate effectively in a remote setting Excellent organizational and project management skills Familiarity with the Miami market or similar local service industries is a plus Availability to start promptly and provide timeline estimatesAbout TwineTwine is a leading freelance marketplace connecting top freelancers, consultants, and contractors with companies needing creative and tech expertise. Trusted by Fortune 500 companies and innovative startups alike, Twine enables companies to scale their teams globally.Our MissionTwine's mission is to empower creators and businesses to thrive in an AI-driven, freelance-first world."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311439540","title":"Game Developer – Remote","company":"Twine","location":"Manchester","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://www.twine.net/projects/b91dj0-unity-3d-unreal-engine-4-c-game-developer-remote-job?utm_source=linkedin.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=linkedin_job","description":"This is a full-time contract opportunity for an experienced Game Developer specializing in Unity 3D or Unreal Engine 4 with advanced C# skills. The role is fully remote and focused on a personal game development project in its early planning and research phase. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in delivering high-quality game projects, strong problem-solving abilities, and the capacity to collaborate effectively in a remote setting. You will play a key role in shaping the technical direction and execution of the project, ensuring robust architecture and efficient workflows.Responsibilities Lead the development and implementation of core game systems using Unity 3D or Unreal Engine 4 Write, optimize, and maintain clean, efficient C# code for gameplay mechanics and systems Collaborate on project planning, technical research, and feature prototyping Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues throughout the development lifecycle Integrate assets, manage version control, and ensure code quality standards are met Communicate progress, challenges, and solutions clearly in a remote environmentSkills And Requirements Extensive experience with Unity 3D or Unreal Engine 4 in a professional or advanced personal project setting Advanced proficiency in C# programming for game development Strong understanding of game architecture, design patterns, and optimization techniques Demonstrated ability to deliver high-quality results independently and as part of a remote team Excellent problem-solving, communication, and organizational skills Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git) Ability to work full-time on a contract basis and manage deadlines effectively Portfolio or examples of previous game development work requiredAbout TwineTwine is a leading freelance marketplace connecting top freelancers, consultants, and contractors with companies needing creative and tech expertise. Trusted by Fortune 500 companies and innovative startups alike, Twine enables companies to scale their teams globally.Our MissionTwine's mission is to empower creators and businesses to thrive in an AI-driven, freelance-first world."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311853600","title":"Procurement Engineer","company":"Kafou Technical Services Co. Ltd.","location":"Riyadh, Saudi Arabia","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"https://zurl.to/owTN?source=CareerSite","description":"Job Purpose:The Procurement Engineer is responsible for managing procurement activities remotely, with a focus on materials and related subcontracted works. The role requires strong technical knowledge, vendor management skills, and effective communication to support the Business Units (BU) and ensure timely and cost-effective sourcing of goods and services , sourcing, evaluating, negotiating, and procuring materials, equipment, and services required for projects and operations. This role combines technical engineering knowledge with strong procurement and vendor management skills to ensure cost-effective, timely, and high-quality purchasing aligned with project specifications and company standards.Key Responsibilities:Daily review and prioritize open Purchase Requests (PRs), considering critical and long-lead materials, and identify potential vendors.Source, prequalify, and evaluate vendors, suppliers and subcontractors based on capability, quality, cost, and compliance.Prepare and issue requests for quotations (RFQs), respond to vendor clarifications, evaluate offers, and conduct detailed technical and commercial analyses. address any mismatches or non-compliance and request revised offers as necessary.Negotiate terms and conditions, pricing, delivery schedules, payment terms and warranties with vendors.Prepare detailed technical and commercial comparison sheets to evaluate supplier offers and support decision-making.Coordinate with relevant departments (engineering, project management, and finance) to ensure timely receipt of purchased materials and services in accordance with contractual obligations.Monitor supplier performance, manage vendor relationships, and resolve disputes or delays.Track and follow up on payment progress with vendors and internal finance teams.Ensuring the timely delivery of required materials and services and prepare progress reports to track supplier performance and ensure timely completion.Maintain accurate and up-to-date procurement records and data in the ERP/CRM system, ensuring proper documentation, reports and data hygiene for transparency and audit purposes.Tracking supply market trends (competitive pressures, new entrants, substituting products or services, changes in the value chain).Identify opportunities for cost savings, process improvements, and supplier development.Review quantities and material specifications received from the BU and raise clarifications before engaging vendors.Source and evaluate vendors for materials and subcontracted works within the related scope.Collect and consolidate quotations with technical details and present them to the BU for evaluation.Prepare and create Purchase Orders (PO) in the company system.Review and share contract terms and POs with vendors ensuring compliance with company policies.Track and follow up with vendors on material deliveries and update a delivery tracker.Identify and propose alternative solutions in case of supply chain issues or delays.Support negotiations with vendors to secure favorable terms, pricing, and delivery schedules.Maintain vendor relationships and ensure supplier performance aligns with company standards.Coordinate closely with internal stakeholders to align procurement activities with project requirements and deadlines.Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in engineering (Electrical, Electronics, Industrial, or related field).Proven experience in procurement, supply chain management, or engineering (typically 2–3 years).Strong knowledge of procurement processes, contract management, and negotiation practices.Technical understanding of engineering materials, equipment, and systems.Proficiency in ERP systems (e.g., SAP, Oracle) and MS Office tools.Excellent communication, analytical, and negotiation skills.Ability to work under pressure and manage multiple priorities.Familiarity with international sourcing, Incoterms, and logistics is a plus.Core CompetenciesTechnical and commercial acumen (understanding of materials and systems)Vendor relationship management.Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail and accuracy in documentation.Teamwork and collaboration. Effective communication.Analytical problem-solving with a Results-oriented mindset.Proactive follow-up and issue resolutionBenefits:Professional development and training opportunities.Career growth.Supportive and collaborative work environment."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312829624","title":"Area Sales Manager Europe","company":"SCITON","location":"Palo Alto","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Area Sales Manager - EuropeAre you ready for an exciting challenge in the dynamic world of medical aesthetics? At Sciton, we’re looking for an ambitious, results-driven Area Sales Manager to join our growing team and take ownership of sales across the European market. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone with a passion for capital equipment sales and a desire to make a real impact in a rapidly expanding industry.This role is designed for an individual who thrives in a fast-paced, high-growth environment and is ready to take their career to the next level.Location: Europe (preferred regions include the UK, France, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy). This is a remote-based role open to strong candidates throughout the European market.What’s In Store For YouHit the ground running by building relationships with key prospects, conducting product demonstrations, and closing sales with precision and confidence.Execute advanced sales strategies to elevate your sales performance, surpass ambitious sales targets, and earn exceptional rewards for your hard work.Lead with impact, working closely with cross-functional teams to deliver customer success and handle post-sale issues with excellence.Be recognized for your achievements with the potential to join our President’s Club or earn prestigious sales awards, setting you up for continued growth and success.What You’ll Be DoingAs the Area Sales Manager, you’ll take full ownership of sales within your defined territory. You will:Develop and execute sales strategies to achieve sales targets and elevate Sciton’s market presence.Lead prospecting efforts, conduct impactful customer presentations, and deliver engaging product demonstrations.Build and nurture relationships with key stakeholders, including plastic surgeons and physicians.Work with internal teams to ensure smooth post-sale support and resolution of customer concerns.Provide valuable market feedback and collaborate with Field Service and corporate teams to drive continuous improvement.What We’re Looking ForWe’re seeking a highly motivated and self-driven individual who excels in sales and is passionate about delivering top-tier customer service. The ideal candidate has:A proven track record of selling capital equipment, ideally in the medical or aesthetic industries.Experience with ROI selling methodology, capable of clearly communicating the value of our products to diverse audiences.A customer-centric mindset, with a knack for building strong, lasting relationships.Sales awards and top-performer recognitions, or other prestigious achievements.The ability to travel extensively within the assigned region and manage a busy, fast-paced schedule.A Bachelor’s degree in business or a related field.Compensation &amp; BenefitsTotal compensation exceeds €200,000 per year at plan. The base salary range is €45,000 – €60,000 gross per annum, with the majority of compensation coming from commissions and bonuses. You will also receive either a company car or an auto allowance, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings, along with reimbursement for business expenses.In addition, Sciton offers the opportunity to participate in equity and stock incentive programs, a profit-sharing bonus, and other employee benefits.About The OrganizationSCITON is an industry leader and manufacturer of medical aesthetic lasers and light source technologies. With a vision to improve people's lives, our top-tier devices are built to order with integrity by pioneering, customer-focused, and results-driven individuals.At the heart of it, innovation is a fundamental cornerstone of our culture. We strongly believe that new ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time and embrace an open-door culture that welcomes and fosters individuals who are creative, driven, passionate, and willing to take the lead with us. Join us for an opportunity to grow and make an impact.Life At ScitonAt Sciton, people matter. We are more than a company; we are a family, which is why we give all our employees:The support, recognition, and room to grow their careers within Sciton.Empowerment to develop their creative genius and encouragement to be lifelong learners.Incentives for creativity and innovation across the organization."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314289785","title":"Business Development Executive (Commission-Based | Remote)","company":"Blackshine Technologies","location":"new york","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"BlackShine Technologies is looking for a driven Business Development Executive to join our team and help expand our client base for our Digital Marketing, IT, and Web Development services. The ideal candidate will have experience in all stages of the sales cycle. They should be confident in building new client relationships and maintaining existing ones. They should have evidence of strong skills and possess good negotiation skills.&nbsp;You’ll be responsible for identifying potential clients, initiating conversations, building relationships, and assisting in closing deals.&nbsp;ResponsibilitiesBuild relationships with prospective clientsIdentify potential clients through LinkedIn, email, and other platformsMaintain consistent contact with existing clientsPitch our services and set up meetings with decision-makersMaintain CRM/lead sheet and track outreach, &amp; Manage sales pipelineAnalyze the market and establish competitive advantagesTrack metrics to ensure targets are hitQualifications3+ years in the sales industryExperience in the full sales cycle, including deal closing. Demonstrated sales successStrong negotiation skillsStrong communication and presentation skillsCRM experience is preferred📩 Interested? DM me here on LinkedIn or send your CV to info@blackshinetech.com"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314591480","title":"Business Development Executive - Staffing - KSA","company":"InvestM Technology LLC","location":"Jersey City","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Company OverviewWe are a fast-growing IT Services and Contingent Staffing firm headquartered in New Jersey, USA, servicing Fortune 2000 clients and government agencies. We are now expanding our footprint in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) and seeking an experienced Saudi-based Business Development Executive to drive our business growth in the region.Position SummaryThe ideal candidate will have extensive experience in business development, sales, or account management within the IT services or staffing industry. The candidate should have strong relationships with key clients across Saudi Arabia and be capable of generating immediate revenue through existing networks.This is a senior, client-facing role that requires strategic thinking, deep market understanding, and strong communication skills to represent our firm with professionalism and confidence.LocationRemote / Hybrid – Anywhere in Saudi Arabia (Preference for candidates based in Riyadh, Jeddah, or Dammam)Work AuthorizationCitizens onlyIqama sponsorship is not availableCompensationCompetitive base salary (SAR)Uncapped recurring commissions on closed accountsPerformance-based annual incentivesQualificationsMinimum 12–15 years of professional experience in Business Development or Sales within the IT Services, Technology, or Staffing/Recruitment sectorsProven record of closing enterprise or government accounts with multi-million SAR contract valuesStrong understanding of the Saudi IT and staffing market, including public sector tenders, Etimad platform, and vendor registration processesEstablished connections with C-level executives, Procurement, HR, and Vendor Management teams in major Saudi enterprises or government entitiesExcellent communication and presentation skills in English and ArabicProficient in using digital sales tools, including CRM systems, email marketing, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and virtual presentation platformsKey ResponsibilitiesLeverage existing professional network to bring in new clients and immediate business opportunitiesIdentify, research, and pursue high-potential industries and clients within the Saudi public and private sectorsBuild and maintain strong, long-term relationships with key decision-makers in target organizationsDevelop and deliver impactful sales presentations tailored to client needs and our firm’s service offeringsExecute end-to-end sales activities, including lead generation, proposal development, negotiation, and deal closureCollaborate with company leadership to develop sales strategies aligned with Saudi market trends and Vision 2030 initiativesProvide ongoing account management to ensure client satisfaction and identify opportunities for service expansionPreferred BackgroundExperience working with or selling to Saudi government ministries, giga projects (e.g., NEOM, Red Sea Global, PIF projects), or major Saudi conglomeratesFamiliarity with Saudization goals, GOSI, and Saudi Labor LawPrior experience in IT consulting, outsourcing, or manpower supply services"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314006896","title":"Customer Success Manager (remote from Paris)","company":"Nobel Recruitment","location":"Amsterdam","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Customer Success Manager for fast-growing Dutch Property-Tech SaaS solution📍 Location and starting date: Paris, from 1st of January (remote, with onboarding in NL)💸 Salary: €50K + flexible workspace subscription covered🚀 Team: opportunity to be the first French hire and grow in a Teamlead role in the future🗨️ Languages: professional working proficiency in French &amp; EnglishAre you ready to be the very first Customer Success hire in France for a fast-growing Dutch SaaS scale-up? This is your chance to make a real impact, shape the local market, and grow into a leadership role as the team expands!Our client is THE disruptor in the commercial real estate industry that everyone has been waiting for. They are transforming the real estate industry with its innovative SaaS platform. By centralizing communication, compliance, and documentation, our client empowers property owners and managers to work smarter and more transparently.What will you do?Be the go-to person for French clients: onboarding, training and driving adoption during online meetings, as well as in-person visits at their offices.Build and optimize customer success processes for the French market.Act as a trusted advisor, helping clients get the most out of the platform.Gather feedback and work closely with product and leadership teams.Attend events to broaden the French network (no sales skills needed!)What’s in it for you?Pioneer Role: You’ll be the first Customer Success Manager in France, with the opportunity to help build the local team as the company continues its rapid growth. Multiple hires are planned within 6–12 months, opening up clear paths to a Team Lead position.International Onboarding: Kick off your journey with a comprehensive onboarding program at the company’s headquarters in the Netherlands. After that, you’ll work remotely from Paris, regularly visiting key clients to support onboarding and deliver training.Hypergrowth Environment: Join a company that’s doubling in size for the third year in a row and is now expanding into France, Spain, and Germany. You’ll be part of a dynamic, international team with big ambitions and a collaborative culture.Our ideal candidate has a service-minded orientation and is keen to kick-start our adventure in France, and has 1–2 years of experience in Customer Success or the hospitality sector.Ready to be part of something big?Apply now and help shape the future of real estate technology in Europe!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4310292215","title":"Director of Implementation - Remote","company":"RTC1 Recruitment Services","location":"Dubai","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Position Title: Director of Implementation - RemoteEmployment Type: Full-timeSalary: Depending on experience and qualificationsBenefits: company resources (laptop, etc), one-time office setup allowance, salary incentiveJob Location: Remote (home-based)About the Client: A global HR tech and payroll solutions provider driving digital transformation and seamless workforce management worldwide.Job Description:Lead global implementation teams to deliver payroll and SaaS projects on time, within budget, and aligned with client requirements.Establish and oversee the Program Management Office (PMO), ensuring strong governance, quality standards, and risk control.Collaborate with cross-functional teams (Product, Tech, Operations) to improve implementation frameworks and automation processes.Partner with clients and internal stakeholders to optimize onboarding, integrations, and end-to-end delivery performance.Qualifications:At least 10 years of experience in global payroll, HCM, or SaaS implementation management, including 8+ years in leadership roles.Proven success managing multi-country teams and enterprise-level rollouts in fast-paced, technology-driven environments.Project Management certification (PMP, PRINCE2, or equivalent) and experience in global HR or payroll SaaS companies preferred.How to Apply:Send your CV in word format to: HRJOBZ2020 AT GMAIL DOT COM and use “Director of Implementation - Remote” as email subject."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314816845","title":"Head of SEO for 8-Figure eCommerce Businesses","company":"Vysta Paid Media Group","location":"Marlton","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Location: Remote (EST preferred) Company: Vysta Experience Level: Senior Leadership (7–10+ years)About VystaVysta is a performance marketing agency managing $100M+ in annual Google Ads spend for fast-growing eCommerce brands. We’ve built one of the most advanced paid media operations in the industry — and now we’re expanding into SEO + AEO (Answer-Engine Optimization) to dominate organic and AI-driven visibility for our clients.Our goal: make our clients’ websites the pages that AI Overviews, Copilot, and Perplexity cite — by fixing fundamentals, improving structure, and publishing concise, helpful, schema-rich answers that both users and algorithms trust.If you’ve built high-volume SEO systems, understand schema and entities deeply, and know how to scale editorial quality across dozens of SMB eCommerce clients — this is your opportunity to architect and lead a new growth engine inside a $100M performance organization.The MissionDesign and lead a productized SEO + AEO program that delivers measurable organic growth, structured-data excellence, and AI search visibility for 50–100 eCommerce clients at SMB-friendly price points.You’ll own strategy, standards, and outcomes across all tiers — from baseline SEO health to answer-engine eligibility — while building and leading a lean, high-throughput content and technical organization.What You’ll OwnLeadership &amp; OperationsBuild and lead the SEO/AEO org: 3–4 client pods, centralized content factory, technical/schema guild, AEO analytics, and PR/outreach.Own delivery P&amp;L, utilization, and QA — balancing client outcomes with scalable, standardized execution.Develop SOPs and playbooks for every tier (Essential, Standard, Plus).SEO &amp; AEO StrategyDefine the frameworks that make clients “citable” in AI Overviews, Bing Copilot, and Perplexity.Oversee schema and entity architecture across all client properties (Organization, Product, FAQ, Article, Person, Review).Lead the AEO inclusion program: monthly prompt scans, visibility tracking, and structured remediation cycles.Maintain technical excellence — crawlability, CWV, indexation, and freshness discipline.Content &amp; Editorial StandardsBuild a “content factory” combining AI-assist workflows with strong editorial control.Ensure every page adds information gain and meets E-E-A-T and Google quality thresholds — no scaled AI spam.Own content templates, schema packs, and internal linking frameworks for consistent, scalable delivery.Measurement &amp; ReportingDefine and report KPIs:AI Overview Inclusion RateCopilot &amp; Perplexity Citation RatesOrganic non-brand growth (GSC)Content freshness &amp; technical healthTranslate AEO and SEO performance into simple, SMB-friendly dashboards and client narratives."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312075447","title":"Managing Director - MORROCO","company":"The Global Search Company","location":"London","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Our client is a market-leading FMCG group with a strong global presence, offering a diverse portfolio of high-demand consumer products. With an established B2B and B2C distribution network, the company is on a growth trajectory and seeks a dynamic French and English speaking Managing Director to drive its next phase of expansion and innovation.THIS ROLE WILL INVOLVE RELOCATION TO MOROCCO.The RoleAs Managing Director, you will be responsible for shaping and executing the company’s strategic vision, driving revenue growth, optimizing operations, and strengthening both B2B and B2C market positioning. You will lead a high-performing team, foster innovation, and ensure operational excellence to maintain the company’s competitive edge.Key Responsibilities✅ Develop and execute strategic growth plans for B2B and B2C channels.✅ Oversee operations, sales, marketing, and supply chain functions to maximize efficiency and profitability.✅ Strengthen market presence by identifying new business opportunities and partnerships.✅ Drive digital transformation and innovation to enhance customer engagement.✅ Lead, inspire, and develop a high-performing leadership team.✅ Ensure financial performance aligns with business objectives and shareholder expectations.Ideal Candidate Profile✔ Proven experience as a Managing Director, CEO, or Senior Executive.✔ Strong background in both B2B and B2C operations, with a track record of scaling businesses.✔ Commercially driven with deep market insights and strategic foresight.✔ French &amp; English speaking✔ Exceptional leadership, stakeholder management, and decision-making skills.✔ Experience in digital transformation and e-commerce growth strategies is a plus."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311039614","title":"Personal and Executive Assistant (Personal Affairs, Operations & Finance)","company":"MINASSA","location":"Dubai","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Company DescriptionMinassa is an urban development services and destination strategy boutique advisory firm. We empower development agencies, authorities, and consulting firms to achieve measurable impact in creating destinations. Our team consists of distinguished experts and professionals with over 500+ years of combined experience, having contributed to the success of top organizations globally.Languages: Fluent in English,  Fully proficient in Arabic, Fluent in French Work setup: Remote, with potential office transitionAbout the RoleWe are seeking an experienced and reliable Personal and Executive Assistant to support the Managing Director across his personal affairs, operations, administration, and executive coordination. The role combines classic executive support with oversight of finance, HR, compliance, and communications across our UAE, France and KSA entities.You’ll manage priorities, streamline workflows, and ensure seamless execution in a dynamic, founder-led environment. Discretion, accountability, and initiative are key.Key ResponsibilitiesExecutive &amp; Personal Support: Manage schedules, travel, correspondence, and confidential personal logistics.Operations &amp; Administration: Oversee invoicing, payroll, payments, and financial tracking across multiple entities.HR &amp; Recruitment: Coordinate hiring, onboarding, timesheets, and payroll in collaboration with the company support partnersLegal &amp; Compliance: Manage contracts, NDAs, renewals, and documentation across jurisdictions and coordinate with the company LegalInternational Coordination: Support financial and administrative processes for the France and Saudi entities.IT &amp; Brand: Liaise with IT providers, update templates and website content, and manage company presence on social mediaWho You AreFluent in English and professional Arabic is a must and French preferred.Experienced in CEO / Founder executive assistance with strong operational and finance exposure.Organized, reliable, and discreet, with attention to detail and confidentiality.Proactive and resourceful; able to anticipate needs and execute independently.Curious and quick to learn new systems, with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.Skilled in Excel, PowerPoint, and digital communication tools.Adaptable, structured, and comfortable managing multi-country operations.Why This Role MattersYou’ll work directly with the Founder, gaining hands-on experience across operations, HR, finance, and communications—helping drive the growth and reputation of an expanding international consultancy."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314621899","title":"Power BI Developer","company":"The Value Maximizer","location":"Ho Chi Minh","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Overview: A highly skilled Power BI Developer with 6 years of experience in creating visually engaging, data-driven executive dashboards with a focus on mobile and web compatibility. Specializing in designing executive-level dashboards for C-suite stakeholders, keeping brand design in mind, with an emphasis on real-time, actionable insights for CEOs and business leaders. Expertise in developing intuitive reports, enhancing data accuracy, and integrating complex systems like Microsoft Dynamics 365 and AWS. Strong communicator, capable of translating business requirements into effective data solutions, while managing teams and delegating tasks to ensure project success.Key Responsibilities: Power BI Development: Design, develop, and maintain advanced Power BI reports and dashboards, ensuring they are user-friendly, visually appealing, and aligned with brand design for executive-level consumption, particularly for both web and mobile devices. Mobile and Web Compatibility: Focused on optimizing Power BI dashboards for both mobile and web use, ensuring seamless access to real-time data and insights for top-level executives, particularly CEOs, across platforms, on-the-go or in-office. Data Modelling &amp; Visualization: Perform complex data modelling, designing efficient and scalable data models for accurate reporting. Create visually appealing dashboards using best practices in data visualization, supporting strategic decision- making for senior leadership. Stakeholder Collaboration: Engage with business stakeholders to understand their needs and translate them into clear technical specifications. Provide insights into business performance and strategic goals. Data Accuracy &amp; Integrity: Responsible for ensuring the accuracy and integrity of the data through thorough data validation and cleansing processes. Monitor and improve data quality to maintain reliable reporting. ETL &amp; Data Pipelines: Develop and maintain ETL processes for seamless data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) into Power BI. Ensure efficient and reliable data pipelines for decision-making. SQL Optimization: Write and optimize SQL queries for data extraction, transformation, and performance tuning to ensure the speed and reliability ofdashboards. System Integration: Integrate data from Microsoft Dynamics 365 and other CRM platforms to enrich business insights and enhance reporting capabilities. Team Leadership: Take ownership of projects, delivering tasks without supervision while effectively delegating work to team members and ensuring the timely completion of deliverables. Communication &amp; Reporting: Maintain clear and effective communication with team members, business stakeholders, and senior executives to ensure alignment on objectives, deliverables, and timelines.Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field. 6+ years of experience in Power BI development, data analytics, and dashboard design, with a strong focus on mobile-first and web solutions for C-suite executives. Expertise in Power BI: Strong proficiency in Power BI, including data modelling, report/dashboard design, and advanced visualization techniques tailored for executive users. Mobile and Web Dashboard Design: Experienced in creating Power BI reports optimized for both mobile and web compatibility, ensuring ease of use for executive teams across devices (tablets, smartphones, desktops). Strong SQL Skills: Proficiency in writing and optimizing SQL queries for efficient data extraction, manipulation, and reporting. Microsoft Dynamics 365 &amp; AWS: Extensive experience integrating data from Microsoft Dynamics 365 with Power BI, along with utilizing AWS services for cloud- based data storage and analysis. Data Engineering: Familiarity with ETL processes and data pipeline management to streamline data workflows for real-time reporting. Leadership &amp; Delegation: Proven ability to lead teams, delegate tasks, and ensure the successful completion of high-priority projects on time. Effective Communication: Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to engage with business stakeholders and translate their needs into actionable data solutions. Certification like PL-300 (Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst) is a plus.Skills: Power BI Development (Reports &amp; Dashboards) with good designing Mobile &amp; Web Optimization for Power BI Data Visualization &amp; Business Intelligence SQL Query Optimization &amp; Data Transformation AWS or equivalent cloud Services for Analysis ETL Process Development Project Management &amp; Team Leadership Stakeholder Engagement &amp; Requirement Gathering Data Quality Assurance &amp; Validation Advanced Problem Solving"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311251406","title":"Product Manager (Remote - Europe)","company":"Jobgether","location":"Brussels","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"This position is posted by Jobgether on behalf of a partner company. We are currently looking for a Product Manager in Europe.We are seeking an experienced and driven Product Manager to lead the strategy, vision, and execution of finance and accounting workflows within a cloud-based practice management platform for healthcare professionals. This role offers the opportunity to make a real impact on how healthcare providers manage financial operations across Europe, ensuring regulatory compliance and operational efficiency. You will work at the intersection of SaaS innovation, finance systems, and healthcare technology, shaping solutions that support thousands of users. This is a remote position within Europe, ideal for someone who thrives in a fast-paced, mission-driven, and international environment.Accountabilities:Define and lead the long-term product vision and roadmap for finance and accounting features, including invoicing, payments, ledger integration, VAT compliance, and reportingMonitor EU financial and tax regulations to ensure compliance and maintain product competitiveness across diverse marketsTranslate strategic objectives into clear user stories and acceptance criteria for engineering and design teamsManage the complete product lifecycle from ideation through development, launch, and iterationConduct user and market research to understand the needs of finance teams, practice managers, and accountants in the healthcare sectorServe as the subject matter expert for finance and accounting within the product team, ensuring internal alignment and knowledge sharingCollaborate closely with Sales, Customer Success, and Marketing to develop go-to-market strategies and enable successful product launchesPartner with M&amp;A teams to integrate and standardize financial workflows across new acquisitionsRequirements5+ years of Product Management experience in a SaaS environment (B2B preferred)Strong background in Finance and Accounting systems (billing, payments, invoicing, expense management, or general ledger)Proven understanding of EU financial compliance standards and tax regulations, including VATAbility to translate complex financial and regulatory concepts into actionable product requirementsExcellent communication and stakeholder management skills in EnglishPreferred: Experience in healthcare IT or MedTech, familiarity with practice management or EHR systems, and integrations with accounting tools such as QuickBooks, Xero, or DATEVFluency in an additional European language (German, French, or Dutch) is a plusBenefitsOpportunity to make a real impact in the digital healthcare space across EuropeCompetitive compensation and benefits packageFully remote work setup with flexibility and autonomyProfessional development and learning opportunitiesAccess to modern tools and resources to support your productivityA diverse and collaborative global team cultureRegular company events and engagement initiativesJobgether is a Talent Matching Platform that partners with companies worldwide to efficiently connect top talent with the right opportunities through AI-driven job matching.When you apply, your profile goes through our AI-powered screening process designed to identify top talent efficiently and fairly.🔍 Our AI reviews your CV and LinkedIn profile in depth, analyzing your skills, experience, and achievements.📊 It then compares your profile to the job's requirements and success criteria to calculate your match score.🎯 The three candidates with the highest match scores are automatically shortlisted for the role.🧠 When necessary, our human review team performs a final check to ensure that no strong profile is missed.The process is transparent, skill-based, and free of bias — focusing solely on your fit for the role. Once the shortlist is finalized, it is shared directly with the company that owns the job opening. The final hiring decisions and next steps are then managed by their internal recruitment team.Thank you for your interest!"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4313290841","title":"Recruiter (IBM Maximo Specialization) Part -Time","company":"Max Accelerate","location":"Dubai","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"About Max AccelerateAt Max Accelerate, we are redefining how the world's most complex Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) projects get staffed and delivered.For IBM Business Partners and Maximo Clients who struggle to find rare, specialized Maximo talent, Max Accelerate provides an AI-powered, platform-based solution that matches projects with hand-selected, certified Maximo experts on demand.We enable organizations to deploy world-class project teams in under 48 hoursOur clients save up to 60% compared to traditional local hiringWe provide access to elite Maximo talent in 150+ countries, handling all legal, tax, and compliance requirements. Unlike generalist recruiters, we specialize only in IBM Maximo. Our mission is simple: connect the world's best Maximo experts with the companies who need them - faster, smarter, and more cost-effectively than anyone else.Role PurposeWe are seeking a Talent Sourcer / Recruiter (IBM Maximo specialization) to help us grow and maintain the world's most comprehensive database of Maximo professionals. With 4,000 - 5,000 CVs already available, this role will be key in building structured insights into our talent pool and connecting with professionals who will power our clients' most mission-critical projects.This position blends traditional recruiting, technical talent sourcing, and lead research - you will not only find and vet Maximo talent but also capture client decision-maker details from their project history, creating invaluable sales leads for our business.RequirementsKey ResponsibilitiesCandidate Engagement &amp; Interviews Conduct structured interviews with Maximo professionals (functional, technical, and industry-specific experts). Assess experience, certifications, and project delivery track record. Collect key project references, technologies used, and role responsibilitiesData Capture &amp; Profiling Record details on candidate skills, certifications, and technical expertise (e.g., MAS 9.2, Cognos, WatsonX integrations, industry solutions). Track availability preferences (remote, hybrid, relocation). Capture salary/rate expectations across different regionsInfo Gathering Through Research Gather decision-maker information for references from candidates' past project engagements. Log client/partner references into CRMCRM &amp; Talent Pool Management Maintain and update candidate records within Salesforce (or other CRM systems). Ensure all data is accurate, up-to-date, and categorized for fast project matchingMonitor and nurture relationships with high-value Maximo professionals.Capabilities &amp; QualificationsRecruitment Experience2 - 5+ years of talent sourcing or recruiting in technical/ERP/EAM roles. Prior exposure to IBM Maximo, ERP, or enterprise software ecosystems is highly preferredTechnical Fluency &amp; CommunicationAbility to engage with candidates on technical skills (configurations, upgrades, integrations, industry modules). Strong interviewing skills to extract detailed project and client information. Excellent written and verbal communication in English (additional languages a plus)Data &amp; CRM DisciplineHighly organized in capturing and structuring candidate and lead data. Experience with Salesforce, Bullhorn, or similar recruiting CRM/ATS systemsDual Mindset: Recruiter + ResearcherSkilled at balancing candidate experience with business lead generation. Curiosity and persistence to uncover decision-maker details and map accounts for sales teamsOther AttributesComfortable working in a fast-paced, remote-first, global environment.Self-driven, detail-oriented, and motivated to contribute to a high-growth AI-powered talent platform.BenefitsWhy Join Max Accelerate?Be part of a niche-focused, high-growth company. Work with a world-class network of Maximo experts and IBM's most strategic clients. Develop your career at the intersection of talent sourcing, recruitment tech, and global workforce intelligence. Competitive compensation, growth opportunities, and the chance to impact how EAM projects are staffed worldwide"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4313202244","title":"Regional Sales Director","company":"Edbury Daley","location":"Altrincham","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"We’re partnering with a fast-scaling SaaS innovator in the procurement orchestration space — a Series B-funded disruptor already trusted by some of the world’s largest enterprises. As part of their continued international expansion, the company is now seeking a Business Development Director to drive enterprise growth across France.This is a high-impact sales leadership role for a proven closer — someone with a track record of landing and expanding large-scale software deals in the procurement or supply chain domain.The OpportunityYou’ll take full ownership of new business development in France, targeting major enterprise organisations and building relationships at the most senior levels of Procurement, Finance, IT, and Transformation. You’ll be positioning a cutting-edge platform that is transforming how global organisations orchestrate, digitise, and optimise procurement processes.This is an opportunity to join a category-defining vendor at a pivotal stage of growth — with the autonomy to shape regional strategy and make a tangible impact on market penetration and revenue growth.Key ResponsibilitiesLead and own the full enterprise sales cycle — from pipeline generation through to deal negotiation and close.Secure multi-million SaaS contracts with global and French-headquartered enterprises.Act as a strategic advisor to CPOs and digital transformation leaders, aligning technology solutions to business objectives.Navigate complex stakeholder ecosystems across multiple departments and business units.Deliver compelling, insight-led presentations, proposals, and product demonstrations.Build trusted, long-term relationships while maintaining a sharp focus on net-new revenue growth.What You’ll BringA proven track record of closing large-scale enterprise SaaS deals, ideally within Procurement, Source-to-Pay, or Supply Chain technology.Strong experience managing complex, multi-stakeholder sales cycles with senior executive engagement.Fluent in French and English, with excellent communication and negotiation skills.Deep understanding of procurement transformation, digitalisation, or supplier management.A consultative, strategic, and commercially astute approach with credibility at C-level.Desirable AttributesBackground in procurement technology, digital procurement, or procurement consulting.Ability to map stakeholder influence and drive consensus across global enterprises.Gravitas, resilience, and a growth mindset suited to a high-velocity scale-up environment.Passion for innovation and value creation in the enterprise SaaS ecosystem.Why Apply?This is an exceptional opportunity to join a next-generation procurement platform at a time of rapid expansion — where your success directly shapes the company’s growth trajectory in France and beyond.If you’re a proven enterprise SaaS sales leader with deep experience in procurement or supply chain technology, we’d love to hear from you."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4313742578","title":"Responsable Produit Financier","company":"URBAN LINKER","location":"Paris","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Responsable Produit Financier / Financial Reconciliation Product Lead 📍 Télétravail complet | 💰 60-80k €À propos Une startup SaaS dans le secteur de la santé développe une plateforme business et fintech dédiée à la gestion et à l’administration des structures médicales. Leur mission : libérer du temps pour les médecins et équipes cliniques en automatisant et simplifiant les processus administratifs et financiers.Le poste – Salaire : 50 000 € - 80 000 € selon expérience – Télétravail possible à 100 % – Expérience : 5+ ans en SaaS, avec une expertise en ERP financier indispensable – Langues : français natif + anglais professionnelContexte L’équipe est composée de profils seniors (10+ ans chacun dans la création de solutions technologiques scalables) et renforce actuellement ses pôles Customer Success et Produit. Le rôle proposé : concevoir et piloter la verticale financière du produit, en lien direct avec la direction produit et technique.Missions principales – Définir et piloter la vision produit fintech et sa roadmap, alignée avec la stratégie globale – Gérer le cycle de vie complet du produit (agile), de la problématique au lancement puis aux itérations – Collaborer avec tech &amp; design pour livrer rapidement des fonctionnalités de qualité – Échanger avec les clients et partenaires afin de comprendre workflows, besoins et points de douleur – Transformer ces insights en spécifications produit, prototypes et plans de delivery – Soutenir CSM et Business Development dans la communication et l’adoption des nouveautés produit – Garantir la conformité réglementaire en lien avec les équipes concernées – Assurer une veille sur les tendances fintech, la réglementation et la concurrenceProfil recherché – 5+ ans en gestion de produit SaaS orienté workflows, dont 3+ ans en fintech – Compétences UX appréciées – Sensibilité à l’expérience utilisateur non-professionnelle (clients ≠ DAF) – Expérience avérée sur des produits complexes liés à la donnée et aux usages de confiance (indicateurs financiers, comptabilité analytique, rentabilité, pré-comptabilité, etc.) – Esprit “builder” : ingénieux·se, rapide dans l’itération et à l’aise avec la prise de décision – Polyvalence (analyse, recherche, stratégie, gestion de projet, design) – Solides instincts techniques et excellente communication avec les équipes d’ingénierie – Ownership fort : capable de faire avancer les projets sans attendre de directives parfaites"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4309981771","title":"Sales Specialist","company":"Cyberwise","location":"Kozyatağı","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Company OverviewTurkey’s First CREST-Accredited Local Cybersecurity CompanyAs one of Turkey’s leading cybersecurity solution providers, we adopt a holistic security approach covering IT, OT, and Cyber-Physical Systems. Our end-to-end cybersecurity services are delivered by expert teams and include audit, consultancy, product sales, technical support, and managed services.With over 35 years of industry experience and a team of professionals holding the most respected certifications in the field, we continue to operate as one of Turkey’s foremost cybersecurity providers.In addition to our offices in Istanbul, Ankara, and Izmir, we also operate globally through our locations in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and Amsterdam.With over 300 expert employees, we serve more than 750 corporate clients across the EMEA region, delivering world-class cybersecurity solutions to critical sectors such as energy, finance, telecommunications, and public institutions.Why Join CyberwiseWe embrace a team culture that values employees’ ideas, supports innovation, and is built on transparent communication. While promoting flexibility, we also prioritize a balance between discipline and mutual trust within the team.At Cyberwise, we aim not only to protect today but also to safeguard the future. With our ability to analyze and resolve technically complex problems, we generate real value in the industry and develop reliable, sustainable solutions.A career at Cyberwise is more than just a job — it’s a journey filled with growth, impact, and inspiration.We offer an environment where you can showcase your talents, make a difference with your ideas, and contribute to shaping the future of cybersecurity.Throughout your application process, we respect your potential and look forward to getting to know you better. #FollowTheWise ❤Join us on this journey — let’s leave a mark together!Cyberwise is seeking a proactive and results-oriented Sales Development Specialist to support our regional growth in the cybersecurity and compliance space. In this role, you will be the first point of contact for potential customers, helping to identify needs, generate qualified leads, and schedule discovery calls for our sales and solution teams.You will work closely with marketing and sales to convert inbound interest and outbound campaigns into sales-qualified opportunities, playing a key role in building a healthy and predictable pipeline across key sectors such as banking, fintech, e-commerce, government, and critical infrastructure.Key ResponsibilitiesEngage with inbound leads to understand their needs and qualify interest.Conduct proactive outreach to target accounts via email, LinkedIn, and phone.Follow up on marketing-generated leads and event participants to schedule meetings.Research key accounts and contacts based on Ideal Customer Profiles (ICPs).Maintain and update accurate lead and contact data in the CRM (e.g., Zoho, HubSpot).Collaborate with sales to align on lead handover criteria and meeting quality.Personalize outreach sequences using insights from account research and buyer behavior.Track and report on lead engagement, qualification status, and meeting conversions.Support the execution of lead nurture workflows and targeted campaigns.Stay up to date on Cyberwise’s services, case studies, and industry trends to confidently position offerings.Contribute ideas for improving scripts, email templates, and outreach strategies.RequirementsA recent graduate with a strong interest in developing a career in this field, with a minimum of 1 year of experience in sales development, lead generation, or inside sales (preferably in B2B cybersecurity or IT services).Fluent in Arabic and English, with excellent communication skills.Proficient with CRM and outreach tools like Zoho, HubSpot, LinkedIn Sales NavigatorHighly organized, proactive, and results-oriented.Comfortable engaging prospects across multiple channels and managing follow-ups.Passionate about cybersecurity and eager to develop deeper market knowledge.What Awaits You at CyberwiseComprehensive benefits packageEmployee Recognition and Reward SystemAccess extensive training, skill development, and certification supportCollaborate with technically strong, supportive, and open-minded teammatesContribute to nationally scaled and high-impact projectsTake ownership in meaningful and innovative initiativesGrow within a culture that values continuous learning and shared successBe part of a people-first workplace with a strong corporate culture, recognized as a Great Place to Work® Certified companyHow Cyberwise Stands OutServing critical infrastructures and large-scale enterprisesAdopting a strategic mindset that goes beyond solution deliveryCombining deep technical expertise with real-world field experienceFostering a team culture that supports initiative and encourages growthGaining experience through disruptive and forward-thinking projectsBuilding strong collaborations and global technology partnershipsBeing part of solutions that shape the future of the industryDeveloping diverse perspectives through interdisciplinary collaborationThriving in a supportive work environment that promotes continuous learning and creativity"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311959451","title":"Senior / Lead IAM Consultant (m/f/d)","company":"iC Consult","location":"München","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Lieu de travail: France (remote)Plonge dans le monde passionnant de la gestion des identités et des accès (IAM) en tant que Senior IAM Consultant (m/f/d). Rejoins notre équipe dynamique en France et profite des avantages d’un travail flexible en home office avec des déplacements occasionnels chez nos clients.Aperçu du rôleLe poste de Senior/Lead IAM Consultant (m/f/d) offre une opportunité unique aux professionnels expérimentés de prendre la responsabilité non seulement de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de solutions IAM, mais aussi de gérer activement les relations clients et d’assurer leur satisfaction continue (“Customer Success”). Le Senior/Lead IAM Consultant jouera un rôle crucial dans la livraison de solutions IAM innovantes et dans la mise en place de partenariats de confiance avec nos clients.Tes principales responsabilitésConception et mise en œuvre de solutions IAM: S’assurer que les solutions répondent aux besoins des clients tout en respectant les meilleures pratiques du secteur.Gestion de la relation client: Établir une communication régulière avec les clients pour comprendre leurs besoins en profondeur, identifier les opportunités d’amélioration et garantir une expérience client exceptionnelle.Customer Success: Suivre et mesurer l’efficacité des solutions mises en œuvre, anticiper les besoins futurs des clients et proposer des ajustements ou des évolutions pour maximiser la valeur livrée.Collaboration interdisciplinaire: Travailler avec des équipes variées pour intégrer les solutions IAM dans des environnements informatiques complexes.Mentorat et leadership technique: Fournir une orientation technique et soutenir le développement des membres juniors de l’équipe.Veille technologique: Rester informé des tendances et des technologies émergentes pour contribuer à l’amélioration continue de nos services.Tes compétences et exigencesExpérience solide dans la conception et la mise en œuvre de solutions IAM au niveau de l’entreprise (One Identity, SailPoint, ForgeRock IDM/AM, CyberArk, Entra ID).Compétences avérées en gestion des relation client et aptitude à établir des relations de confiance avec divers interlocuteurs.Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais pour une communication efficace, l’allemand est un plus.Forte compréhension des principes, protocoles et technologies IAM.Capacité avérée à gérer des projets IAM de bout en bout.Aptitude à analyser les besoins clients et à transformer les exigences en solutions performantes.Leadership technique et capacité à mentorer des collaborateurs moins expérimentés.Ce que nous offronsTélétravail possible grâce à notre modèle de flexibilité qui met ton équilibre entre vie professionnelle et vie privée au premier plan.Équipement high tech au choix - Apple ou Windows, à toi de décider avec quel matériel haut de gamme tu souhaites travailler.Bootcamp de 3 jours pour une formation complète en IAM et aux technologies de pointe, afin de réussir tes débuts avec nous.iC Consult University - notre programme d'intégration complet t'accompagne sur ton parcours individuel grâce à des modules de formation, des programmes de mentorat et des événements.10 jours par an consacrés à ton développement personnel et professionnel - grâce à notre iC Consult Academy, tu as accès à des formations internes et externes adaptées à tes besoins.Tickets restaurant, une allocation mensuelle pour le télétravail et une couverture santé de qualité supérieure pour toi et ta famille.Des événements d'équipe et d'entreprise réguliers dans une ambiance conviviale pour renforcer la culture d'entreprise.Un environnement de travail avec des hiérarchies plates, des processus de décision rapides et un haut niveau de responsabilité personnelle, offrant une grande liberté décisionnelle.Intéressé(e) ?Nous serons ravis de répondre à tes questions et avons hâte de te contacter prochainement ! Envoie-nous ta candidature avec la référence FRSC-3693-LI, en indiquant tes prétentions salariales et ta date de disponibilité, à l’adresse suivante : careers@ic-consult.com.La diversité sous toutes ses dimensions est essentielle pour nos équipes. Nous en tenons donc compte dans nos décisions de recrutement.A propos de nousiC Consult est le partenaire de choix pour la cybersécurité axée sur l'identité. Notre équipe de plus de 850 experts s'engage à fournir des solutions de pointe, adaptées aux besoins uniques de nos clients à travers le monde. La clé de notre succès : une constante recherche de l’innovation, l’utilisation des technologies les plus avancées et une collaboration étroite avec les principaux fournisseurs d'identité et de cybersécurité, ainsi que les cabinets d'analystes renommés.L'identité est notre spécialité : notre portefeuille d’activités couvre tous les aspects des solutions professionnelles et des services managés dans le domaine de la sécurité des identités, y compris le conseil, l'architecture, l’implémentation, l'intégration, le support et les opérations. Nous soutenons nos clients dans les initiatives clés telles que le Zero Trust, la détection et la réponse aux menaces d'identité, la migration IAM vers le cloud et leur assurons une longueur d'avance en matière de cybersécurité. Forts d'une présence mondiale qui s'étend de l’Amérique du Nord à l’Europe et l’Asie, nous garantissons la sécurité et la gestion efficace des identités numériques pour les plus grandes entreprises mondiales. AdministrationiC Consult GmbHHuyssenallee 99-10345128 EssenT +49 201 616162-0E kontakt@ic-consult.comwww.ic-consult.comPour plus d'informations, visitez le site http://www.lovemyjob.ioVotre vie privée est importante pour nous ! C'est pourquoi vous trouverez toutes les informations nécessaires sur la manière dont nous traitons vos données dans notre politique de confidentialité. https://ic-consult.com/de/datenschutz.html"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311429040","title":"Senior Business Development Manager","company":"Forbes Middle East","location":"Dubai","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Job Purpose: The Senior Business Development Manager is responsible for spearheading the development of all sales activities towards the achievement of maximum profitability and progress in-line with the company’s mission, vision and values while maintaining exceptional relationships with existing and potential clients in the region. Duties &amp; Responsibilities: • Leading business development strategy and planning for KSA region by defining sales targets, market entry priorities, and client acquisition roadmaps, ensuring alignment with company objectives. • Designing annual and quarterly business development plans, including revenue forecasts, pipeline growth targets, and resource allocation to driving sustainable growth. • Planning and overseeing clients’ cross-platform commercial campaigns (Print, Digital, Events), ensuring integrated delivery and maximum client impact. • Developing partnership and expansion plans with key industry players and government entities, unlocking long-term opportunities in KSA. • Monitoring and adjusting plans based on market intelligence, competitor activity, and client feedback, ensuring agility and relevance. • Conducting quarterly planning reviews with BD Director and team members, aligning execution with strategic objectives. • Supporting the proposal of new revenue sources, contributing to business growth. • Formulating and delivering presentations to new and existing customers, driving product sales and maximizing existing spend opportunities. • Obtaining and analyzing information about clients’ products, needs, problems, advertising history, and business practices, tailoring presentations and product solutions effectively. • Informing clients of available opportunities monthly, especially premium positions, and demonstrating how advertising solutions enhance product/service visibility. • Providing clients with cost estimates aligned with their budgets, ensuring transparent and feasible advertising solutions. • Recommending deliverables, sizes, and formats based on media used, optimizing campaign effectiveness. Determining suitable advertising mediums (Print, Digital, Events), preparing samples, and equipping customers with clear illustration specifications. • Coordinating with the Client Relations Team to ensure deliverables are met and maintain high client satisfaction. • Guiding Business Development team members, supporting them, and fostering a culture of empowerment and continuous support. • Consulting with company officials, marketing &amp; PR team and advertising agencies to develop promotional plans, media kits, and agreements, strengthening strategic alignment. • Building and managing relationships with direct clients, ad agencies and PR Agencies, boosting company profitability.Job Specifications: Education &amp; Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree in business administration, Marketing, Communications, or related field. • Master’s/MBA is preferred. • Professional certifications in Sales, Business Development, or Strategic Management are an advantage. Experience: • 07–10 years of proven experience in business development, sales, or account management, with at least 2–3 years in a senior/managerial role. • Strong track record of achieving and exceeding revenue targets in media, publishing, conferences, events, or related industries. • Demonstrated experience in leading sales planning, forecasting, and market entry strategies. • Experience in managing and mentoring teams to achieve business growth. • Proven success in negotiating large-scale contracts and building long-term strategic partnerships. Knowledge &amp; Skills: • Excellent strategic planning and organizational skills, with the ability to translate vision into executable plans. • Strong commercial acumen with an ability to identify, evaluate, and capture new revenue opportunities. • Exceptional communication, presentation, and negotiation skills. • Ability to build and maintain high-value relationships with senior clients, agencies, and stakeholders. • Proficiency in CRM systems, sales reporting tools, and MS Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word). • Analytical mindset with ability to interpret market and competitor data for decisionmaking."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4312991692","title":"Senior Manufacturing Consultant","company":"Frankland Automation","location":"Leeds","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Digital Manufacturing Consultant – France – RemoteFrench &amp; English language fluency (B2/C1/C2/Native) requiredWe are currently representing a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation, at a pivotal stage in their growth.Through a major new strategic partnership, they are positioning themselves as a one-stop solution provider for end-to-end automation – from Level 1 instrumentation and sensing, right through to Level 4 digital manufacturing. This is a company with the full capability to deliver across the entire technology stack, integrating operational technology with information technology to create true smart factories.With smart manufacturing forecast to be a $121B market by 2026 (15% CAGR), there’s never been a better time to join.The RoleYou will be playing a crucial consulting role by engaging directly with clients to assess operations, identify improvement opportunities, and help realize performance gains via digital transformation solutions that integrate operational technology (OT) and information technology (IT).You will act as manufacturing expert and transformation consultant for international manufacturing industry customers from Automotive, CPG, Pharma, and other focus industriesDiagnosing customer manufacturing operations, applying lean and digital tools, and guiding improvement strategies including layout and automation opportunities.Lead Gemba-based workshops, 4M analysis, and stakeholder alignment sessions on-site or virtuallyDevelop transformation roadmaps, benefit cases, and rollout strategies for customer manufacturing sites which will help to realize the customer’s top management KPIsWhat We’re Looking For5+ years of experience in advance manufacturing operations, or Industrial engineering with lean transformation experience in discrete manufacturing (Automotive, Food, Consumer goods, Electronics, Medical/Pharma)Manufacturing Ops: Knowledge of line balancing, takt time, yield, OEE, value stream mapping.Lean/CI Methods: Kaizen, 8D, A3, SMED, TPM, Six Sigma, etc.Fluent French and EnglishWhy Join?Be part of a high-profile, strategic growth initiative in a booming sectorWork with cutting-edge technologies, from industrial IoT to AI-driven analyticsOperate on a global stage, with flexibility to be based anywhere in GermanyJoin a culture that blends innovation with stability – offering the best of both worldsIf you’re ready to play a leading role in shaping the factories of the future, apply now or contact me directly at mf@franklandautomation.com for a confidential conversation."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311950413","title":"Senior Presales Engineer","company":"Tangent International","location":"Billericay","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Senior Presales EngineerI am searching for a Senior Presales Engineer for my client, a global telecoms software company focused on delivering cutting-edge 5G, IMS, and packet core solutions to Tier 1 and Tier 2 operators across EMEA.This is a client-facing pre-sales engineering role, supporting operator engagements and strategic customer propositions in France. The successful candidate will collaborate closely with sales leaders and product teams to lead technical strategy, PoCs, solution design, and commercial support.You will become the key technical voice in front of major operators and help shape solution strategy within a high-growth, agile telecoms vendor environment.Key Responsibilities:Serve as the lead technical solutions expert in France for operator engagements and bids.Support Account Managers across all phases of the pre-sales process, including RFX responses, PoCs, solution presentations, and bid defence.Lead the technical architecture and design of packet core, IMS, and messaging solutions, working with the wider engineering team and product management.Translate complex technical features into clear, customer-centric value propositions.Capture customer requirements, shape bespoke solutions, and influence internal product roadmap development.Represent the company in technical workshops and meetings with senior telco stakeholders.Develop high-quality technical collateral, timelines, and documentation to support commercial bids.Support strategy and execution to grow presence in France, with potential support acrossRequired Experience &amp; Skills:Extensive technical knowledge of 5G Core, IMS (VoLTE/VoNR), EPC, and messaging solutions.Proven experience in a pre-sales, solutions engineering, or technical strategy/design capacity in the telecoms industry.Working understanding of cloud-native technologies, Kubernetes, and NFVi (container or VM-based).Familiarity with 3GPP and xRAN/oRAN standards, and an ability to translate these into real-world design.Strong understanding of IT/OSS integration needs for telco environments, especially in the context of small cell rollouts.Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to simplify complex technical topics to senior business stakeholders.Demonstrable track record of working with Tier 1 or Tier 2 telco operators in a customer-facing setting.French-speaking (native or fluent) and able to communicate effectively in English across regional teams.Ideal Profile:Already based in France with full right to work.Strong knowledge of the telecom core stack, particularly around Core, IMS, and packet core deployments.Pre-sales professionals who enjoy the mix of commercial work and deep technical engagement.Able to work remotely and collaborate virtually across European and global teams.Compensation:€100K-120K base + variable (likely split 70/30 or 60/40)Remote working with occasional customer or internal meetingsOpportunity to shape one of the region’s highest-impact solution areas within a fast-growing business"}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4311983472","title":"Solutions Consultant","company":"SmartRecruiters","location":"San Francisco","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"SmartRecruiters is a values-driven, global-minded, and well-funded tech employer on a mission to connect people to jobs at scale. As a global leader in enterprise recruitment software, SmartRecruiters offers a cloud-based global Hiring Success platform that allows teams to attract, select, and hire the best talent. 4,000 companies worldwide rely on SmartRecruiters to achieve hiring success—including brands like Bosch, LinkedIn, Skechers, and Visa—using recruitment marketing, CRM, AI, ATS, and a marketplace of 600+ connected vendors all within one scalable platform.SmartRecruiters was recognized by Forbes as one of the Best Employers in 2020. We are proud to offer a collaborative, diverse, and remote-friendly work environment, as well as competitive salaries and generous equity. We believe in promotion from within, so high performance can lead to upward mobility. Needless to say, we make sure you’re taken care of. Our inclusive office environment welcomes and respects all.Job DescriptionThe Solution Consultant (SC) is the trusted advisor to our sales reps, prospects, and customers. The primary goal of the SC is to secure revenue by delivering solutions to help our customers do their best work. As a Solution Consultant, you will assist Sales to attain their revenue goals by ‘owning the technical win’ as part of the Account team by architecting compelling solutions to address a customer’s key work management challenges, and present a desired future state and deliver a competitive advantage with measurable outcomes.  You will also serve as the subject matter expert in talent acquisition and form great partnerships, both internally and externally, with customer success as the core focus.What you’ll deliver:Lead and document discovery sessions to understand the client's business objectives and desired outcomesBecome a trusted advisor and expert in SmartRecruiters platform client executives and technical decision makers to provide a deep level of product knowledge with the ability to articulate market trends and the value of SmartRecruiters to develop new business opportunities.Identify and present a vision of what the client’s future can look like while helping them understand the capabilities needed Perform product demos tailored to the client’s needs and areas of opportunity where SmartRecruiters provides the right solutions.Acts as a resource for the Sales team on demonstrations, new feature benefits, script development, checklists, and other resources to assist in the advancement of demo skills and product implementation for the entire team.Continuously leverage internal learning and competitive intelligenceUnderstand industry verticals, department verticals, and challenges facing specific buyer personas within SmartRecruiters’s target marketDevelop a repertoire of client stories to convey the value of SmartRecruiters’s solution to the customer, enabling champions to tell stories on our behalfCommunicate progress and expectations, escalating problems to leaders for awareness and/or resolutionProvide prompt and detailed handoffs to Customer Experience  to deliver against the proposed solutionDevelop a roadmap to improving your craftQualificationsMinimum of 2 years experience  in  sales engineering or consulting ideally in a SaaS environment Solid understanding of prospect research, prospect needs discovery, outcome-based selling, and the ability to demonstrate value to prospects in order to drive company revenue and client satisfaction.Proven track record successfully collaborating with various departments to inspire alignment and executionStrong customer-facing and relationship buildingExcellent ability to break down technical jargon into easy to understand, plain languageEngaging presentation and interpersonal communication skillsTechnically adept, experienced with web technologiesThrive on customer engagement, consultative sales, problem solving, customer education and supportTravel is an essential part of this position; applicants must have the flexibility to travel with reasonable notice as job demands require.Fluent in French and English. Other languages would be an advantage.Additional InformationSmartRecruiters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines."}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4313233651","title":"Staff Software Engineer - Full Remote (H/F)","company":"Voyage Privé","location":"Aix-en-Provence","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Company Description Born in France in 2006, Voyage Privé has grown from an ambitious startup into becoming the Europe's leading travel tech platform. Operating across 9 markets with tens of millions of users, we're not just another e-commerce success story - we're a tech powerhouse revolutionizing online travel.  As a mission-driven company, we're unique in combining cutting-edge technology with social impact. Our innovative campus brings together tech talent, professional athletes, students, and artists, creating an ecosystem where digital innovation drives both business growth and positive change.  We're now at an inflection point, upgrading our entire technical foundation with cloud architecture, AI, and real-time systems to become a reference and top-of-mind platform for luxury travel, known by travelers for its for excellent offer and customer experience, and by our providers as a high-performance business development partner.  Why Join Us?Work at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and a mission-driven company, transforming how millions experience travel.Be part of an entrepreneurial team of innovators that isn't just building technology: we value innovation, ownership, and collaboration, with an emphasis on empowering engineers to make a difference.Shape a fast-growing tech company as we embark on an ambitious plan to scale tenfold in the next decade.Enjoy a workplace that invests in personal and professional development, offering learning programs, mentorship opportunities, and career growth pathwaysDescription du posteThe OpportunityAt Voyage Privé, we are entering a defining moment of transformation. As a leader in the travel industry, our ambition is not only to maintain operational excellence, but to redefine it, through a large-scale digital transformation grounded in technical excellence, world-class engineering practices, and pragmatic innovation.As technical leaders, our objective is to evolve from legacy foundations toward a forward-compatible, high-performance architecture, designed with scalability, resilience, and velocity in mind, guided by the engineering rigor and pragmatic excellence demonstrated by world-class companies like Google, Stripe, GitLab, and Netflix.To succeed, we’re building an elite group of engineers who will drive this transformation from within. The Staff Software Engineer role is at the heart of this effort, providing hands-on architectural leadership, raising engineering standards, mentoring engineers across squads, and shaping the long-term technical foundation of our company.This is the right time to join, your decisions will define the engineering culture, velocity, and technical maturity of the entire organization.Your MissionArchitect the Future: Design distributed, stateless, and scalable systems that are resilient to failure and optimized for high performance and throughputStay Hands-On: Actively contribute to the codebase, prototype, implement, and review critical features. Lead by example through high-quality, pragmatic, and scalable codeScale What Matters: Leverage asynchronous architectures and message-driven patterns using technologies like Kafka, RabbitMQ, SQS, or pub/sub to improve latency, responsiveness, and decoupling of servicesEnsure Consistency and Integrity: Define and implement patterns for data consistency (eventual or strong), message ordering, and reliable state transitions across services and storage layersBe a Multiplier: Mentor engineers across teams, level up engineering capabilities, and help embed a culture of technical excellence and ownershipRaise the Bar: Promote best practices in testing, observability, continuous integration, and secure software developmentTransform at Scale: Actively reduce technical debt and drive modernization strategies that improve system agility, performance, and reliabilityPartner for Impact: Collaborate with Engineering Managers, Product, and Infrastructure to influence roadmaps and shape a pragmatic, scalable architecture visionQualificationsYour Engineering ToolboxProven experience designing and delivering robust, distributed, and mission-critical systems in productionExpertise in asynchronous processing and message-driven systems using technologies such as Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or pub/subDeep technical fluency in system design, performance tuning, concurrency, and consistency modelsStrong coding skills in one or more modern languages (e.g., Java, Go, Python, TypeScript)Familiarity with service-oriented and event-driven architectures, eventual consistency strategies, and data synchronization mechanismsMastery of CI/CD, test automation strategies, and infrastructure-as-code toolingHands-on experience with secure coding practices and awareness of compliance and resilience in regulated or complex environmentsStrong observability mindset: metrics, logs, traces, incident handling, and root cause analysisLeadership CompetenciesAbility to lead technical direction across multiple teams without relying on positional authorityHigh judgment in balancing engineering purity with speed, business outcomes, and riskExperience mentoring Senior Engineers and guiding architectural decisions at the org levelAbility to navigate ambiguity, influence without ego, and coach others through technical complexityWhy Join Us NowYou will be a foundational player in an ambitious transformation journeyYou’ll operate at the intersection of business and technology, helping the company scale both sustainably and intelligentlyYou will shape not just code, but also culture, processes, and future leadersWe offer the autonomy, vision, and leadership environment expected from modern product-driven, engineering-led companiesOur CommitmentA high-trust, low-politics environment where you can lead bold initiatives with executive supportA product and business strategy that values engineering as a core differentiatorTransparent career development pathways, and opportunities to shape your own growthCompetitive compensation and a mission-driven team ready to build the future of digital travelApply NowIf you are a technical leader who thrives in environments of change, builds with intent, and inspires with clarity, we’d love to meet you.Apply via [email/contact portal/linkedIn,…] with your resume and a short note telling us how you’ve helped elevate an engineering organization before, and what excites you about helping us do it again.Informations supplémentairesYou'll love joining us...  At Voyage Privé, the “entrepreneurial adventure” is a reality: take on ambitious and fulfilling projects, while joining a company committed to the growth of its teams.  HQ in the South of France, in an exceptional natural, economic and cultural environment, on a modern, digital and eco-responsible campus.  Remote work possible based on location and experiencePut meaning back into your work and discover a unique ecosystem, creating bridges between worlds that are often far apart: the economic, sporting, academic and social worlds, and take part in one of the Vision projects (Ecole des XV - Provence Rugby - VP Green- Les Tremplins - Chez Pierre).   Cancel your sports subscription! Access our large Campus gym morning, noon and night, and play Padel whenever you like on our court reserved exclusively for Voyage Privé employees...  Live to the rhythm of Voyage Privé's various Business &amp; Fun highlights (Company Breaks, Carnival, Annual Convention...), take part in meetups and talks, and enjoy free tickets to every Provence Rugby home match or dance to the sounds of the Dalida Institute!  Would you like to take advantage of our getaway offers? Benefit from up to 20% off our irresistible prices. "}
{"source":"linkedin","source_id":"4314299753","title":"Vice President - Middle East","company":"Kaseware","location":"Denver","remote":false,"salary":"","posted_at":"","url":"","description":"Do you love technology and helping organizations utilize that technology to become greater than they thought possible? Are you interested in serving your community and doing your part to keep your community, nation, and planet safe? At Kaseware you will have the chance to do all of that and so much more as our Vice President - Middle East. Kaseware is a company that is changing the world of law enforcement and corporate security forever and, if you are up for a challenge, we would like you to consider helping us make the world a safer place.As the Vice President, you will be at the forefront of our regional growth, responsible for building a successful sales and service delivery organization. You will leverage your extensive experience to sell the Kaseware solution to high-level government and corporate decision-makers, lead a cross-functional team, and lay the groundwork for scalable and sustainable success.Responsibilities and Duties:Strategic Sales &amp; Business Development: Develop and execute a regional sales strategy to achieve and exceed revenue targets. Personally lead and close complex sales cycles with government agencies (law enforcement, intelligence, military) and Fortune 500 corporate security departments.Team Leadership &amp; Development: Recruit, mentor, and lead a high-performing, cross-functional team encompassing sales, professional services, customer support, and account management. Foster a collaborative and results-driven culture aligned with Kaseware's mission.Practice Building &amp; Scaling: Establish and grow the practice in Dubai. Develop and implement scalable processes for service delivery, customer onboarding, and ongoing support to ensure exceptional client satisfaction.P&amp;L Management: Own the profit and loss for the region, managing budgets, forecasting, and ensuring the financial health and growth of the operation.Go-to-Market Strategy: Collaborate with the global leadership team to refine and execute the go-to-market strategy for the region. Provide valuable market feedback to product and marketing teams to ensure our solutions meet the evolving needs of our clients.C-Level Engagement: Build and maintain strong, long-lasting relationships with senior executives and key stakeholders within client and partner organizations.Travel requirements: Up to 50% travel, mostly within the Middle East and Gulf Coast country regionRequired Education: Bachelor's Degree (Required)Required Skills &amp; Experience:A minimum of 10 years of experience in enterprise software sales, consulting, or a related field.Proven track record of successfully selling complex software solutions to government and/or large corporate clients.Demonstrated experience in a leadership role, with a history of building and managing cross-functional teams.Verifiable experience in scaling a business or practice, including developing and implementing growth strategies.Demonstrated experience in creating and managing partner relationships with large system integrators, VARs, and third party buyers.Exceptional communication, presentation, and negotiation skills, with the ability to engage and influence C-level executives.A strategic mindset with strong business acumen and the ability to operate effectively in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.Other Requirements:Languages: Fluency in English and Arabic is required.Expected compensation:Competitive salary and bonus program in an entrepreneurial environment Base Salary: $150,000 yr to $200,000 yr - OTE: $275,000 to $325,000 - The advertised base salary and OTE is in US Dollars, payments (e.g. base salary, commissions, bonuses) will paid out in the equivalent UAE Dirhams (AED).About Kaseware:Kaseware is a rapidly growing start-up located in the Denver metro area (USA). We build state-of-the-art software for law enforcement and corporate security customers. We serve those that serve our communities and make our world safer.Due to the nature of our business, you must be able to pass a full CJIS compliant fingerprint based background check, which is required for individuals needing access to criminal justice information (CJI)."}
